{'about': "Faith, Family, Friends and Felines are the four corners of my world. Coffee, chocolate, cheese and cookies are my four food groups. I love books, everything related to books, people who also love books, and talking about books and promoting literacy. I am a Southerner to the bone, and I love my beautiful mountains of Southwest VA. My favorite genre is Historical Western Romance. The American Old West of the mid to late 1800's is my favorite era. I often feel as though I could set my birth date back 100 years and not lose my stride. I greatly enjoy using my PC for research, blogging, email and reading an occasional ebook. I am a lifetime print book person. I love to cook, read cookbooks, and search the web and other sources for information and articles about food, cooking and nutrition. My grandmother, who was a wonderful cook, taught me many things about food and life. The kitchen can be the heart of the home--the spot where the family is all together in one place. Food is a universal language, a great communicator. I became an online reviewer and blogger through my great love of all things books. I read a wide variety of genres, and I regularly post reviews at Amazon.com, Goodreads, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Library Thing, Google Plus, LinkedIn, and other sites. I can be found all over the web blogging about books, food, fiction, family, friends and felines. Books are my second language. I book-speak with friends, family, coworkers, and anyone who will pause long enough to listen. One of my goals is to promote literacy--there are still many people in the United States and the world who are struggling with literacy. Improving reading skills boosts self-esteem, opens up the world, enables informed decision making, and brings forth all kinds of new opportunities. People who read for pleasure have good imaginations, an ability to think outside the box, and the vision to go beyond black and white to see all the shades in between. ", 'age': '61', 'gender': 'Female', 'location': 'The United States', 'interests': 'faith, family, friends, pets, home, cooking, reading, sewing, movies, TV, PC, music, cars, literacy, human rights, animal rights'}