{'about': 'I am a lifelong reader. Since I learned to read in early elementary school I do not recall any time that I have not been in the process of reading some book. As an adult, though, there came a time that I thought that was going to come to an end. I became diabetic and my diabetes took away my eyesight. My reading continued though. I just had to use alternative means. One of those means that I have been using lately is Bookshare. Its web site is <a target="_blank" href="http://bookshare.org" rel="nofollow">http://bookshare.org</a>. It is a collaborative effort by people who are disabled in a way that makes it impossible to read normal print to continue reading books anyway. Bookshare depends on volunteers to turn print books into ebooks that can be read by print impaired people by means of a screen reader with a synthetic voice or in Braille. If you are a reader and enjoy sharing your books with others I encourage you to become a volunteer for Bookshare. Volunteers may be disabled or not. There are two main jobs that volunteers do. One is to scan books and upload them for proofreading. The other is to download them and proofread them. If you do not have a scanner or OCR software you might want to try proofreading. To do that you just read the text and correct any scanning errors and then upload it for administrator approval. Once it is approved it enters the library. It is illegal for non disabled persons to download books from that library, but if you proofread you will not run out of books to read at Bookshare. You may work as little or as much as you want, so if you do not see a book on the list of books waiting for proofreading that you are interested in you can just check back the next day and you probably will find one. Come join our community. Visit the Bookshare web site and consider becoming a volunteer.', 'age': None, 'gender': 'Male', 'location': 'Charleston, WV', 'interests': 'science, science fiction, philosophy, philosophical materialism, radical left politics'}