From an inspiring voice in the movement for gender equality, a practical guide to achieving success through a new kind of leadership--rooted in purpose and activism for social change
  
  
We live in a time of unprecedented opportunity for women. Yet despite centuries of progress, true equality remains out of reach. What will it take to bring us to a tipping point?To leadership expert and social entrepreneur Claudia Chan, the key is shifting to a "me for we" mindset, where individuals root their effort in a mission far bigger than personal success, and getting everyone--women and men--to work together for social change. By lifting others, we not only make the world better, but we can also discover our greatest meaning and achieve lasting fulfillment. In This Is How We Rise, Claudia encourages readers to join a new breed of leaders and become change makers for gender equality. Distilling wisdom and insights from her own personal and professional journey, she shares key lessons learned and offers a toolbox of thirteen foundational habits. Claudia shows how to define and develop your own purpose, vision, and pathway to becoming a thriving agent for good. Whether you own your own business or are part of the corporate world, whether you're at the top of your field or are just starting out in your career, you have the power to lead change and achieve extraordinary success in all areas of your life. This Is How We Rise will show you how to unleash it.“If you’re looking to align your life and career with social impact, this book is the one of the best investments you can make. A mix of inspiration, spirituality and business strategy, Claudia provides a practical plan for how to channel your life purpose and create a more equal world for women and men.” —Sallie Krawcheck, CEO &amp; Co-Founder of Ellevest, Chair of Ellevate Network, and author of Own It“Claudia Chan’s book provides a blueprint for addressing one of the most urgent issues of our time—gender equality—on both a personal and societal level. It’s a must-read for any person or organization who wants to start a movement that empowers women.” —Reshma Saujani, founder of Girls Who Code