ALFIE BLACK has everything he needs to pass scrutiny as a rock star. He’s a drop dead gorgeous specimen of a man. Rough around the edges and still ﬂawless to look at. Alﬁe is a jaw dropping, panty melting, tattooed bad boy. Add tall and athletically toned with a fabulous face, eyes and smile, and it’s easy to see he’d be going places. Ticking most of the boxes required as the lead singer in a band,the last part of the equation many not have mattered much. However, Alﬁe is an incredibly talented singer and musician.Women want Alﬁe. Men want to be Alﬁe.So, gifted Alﬁe is given opportunities to progress both as an artiste, with his band Crakt Soundzz, but also to share his passion and pass his knowledge on to others at music college. Alﬁe’s journey in life should be going in one direction, but his sole focus is on taking care of his responsibilities.Circumstances in the background dictate what he needs. And what he is willing to accept. This is something he isn’t willing to compromise on. Focused and determined, the last thing Alﬁe needs is a distraction. What Alﬁe wants and what is happening in his life are poles apart, but he is determined to keep going no matter what. For now, he thinks it’s enough. That is, until he meets Lily, the English girl who arrives at college to study music in Miami.Lily is Alﬁe’s equal in many ways, musically gifted, stunning and in a diﬀerent league to any girl Alﬁe has ever known. She is focused and driven. Single minded about her one passion in life. Music. The only thing Lily has ever wanted in life is to play and to play well.When Lily’s journey crosses Alﬁe’s life path, what ensues for the both of them is a complex ride of emotions and feelings. Neither of them, despite all of their combined attributes are equipped to deal with. Alﬁe is emotionally locked down, both from past experiences and his current situation.Lily is sexually naive and inexperienced. When their world’s collide there are far reaching consequences for the both of them, which neither expected. How can Alﬁe and Lily be together?Alﬁe shares his thoughts, feelings and emotional conﬂict in his story. (Lily's Story The Everything Trilogy)