Collecting Books 1-3 in the Genie McQueen seriesBook 1: Bayou BluesWhen your sister has saved the world, you have a lot to live up to.Genie McQueen thought she’d seen it all after helping her big sister Secret stop the Apocalypse. The dead walked, New York City burned, and things nearly went to hell in a hand basket. After it was all over, the world knew about vampires and werewolves, and Genie’s life would never be the same.But now, three years later, someone doesn’t want werewolves or any supernatural creatures to live alongside humans. A new anti-werewolf church with a charismatic leader and a cult-like following has declared open season on Genie’s whole species. When a member of her pack is kidnapped, she decides it’s time to stop going with the flow and to step up and fight for her people.Tagging along for the ride is a handsome troublemaker, Wilder Shaw, a pack outsider who just wants to save his brother, but will leave Genie’s head spinning in the process.Equally troubling are the ghosts of her past she can’t quite shake, the nightmarish figures who haunt her even when she’s wide awake, and a dark magic inside her she hasn’t yet learned to tame.Things are about to get messy in the bayou.Book 2: Black Magic Bayou (also contains an original Secret McQueen short story)Genie McQueen never thought she’d be an alpha.She grew up apart from her pack, trying to hone her dangerous magical gifts, while her twin brother Ben stayed home to be groomed for a leadership role. But after proving her mettle to her uncle Callum, the King of the South, she’s suddenly found herself the alpha of New Orleans.As she tries to adapt to her new, powerful position—and a blossoming relationship with the werewolf outcast, Wilder Shaw—Genie is confronted with something that only the witch part of her can fix.It seems the sorority sisters at Delta Phi have been going missing, but leaving everything they own behind. Those remaining in the house have reported strange happenings since the girls have gone missing. With no bodies, and no clues, Genie’s ex Cash turns to her for help on behalf of his new girlfriend.Can Genie unravel the mystery of the vanished girls, maintain order in the New Orleans pack, and keep herself alive long enough for a night out with Wilder?Genie’s about to find out what’s scarier—a haunted house or going on your first date ever in your twenties.Book 3: Black-Hearted DevilThe ghosts of the past are haunting Genie McQueen.The dead have been trailing in Genie’s shadow for months, but now they’ve decided to step into the light. When her supposedly dead mother returns from the grave very much alive, Genie knows trouble is stirring.Mercy McQueen isn’t interested in mother-daughter bonding time. She’s back with vengeance on her mind and will stop at nothing to make her children’s lives a living hell. She’s brought along some spooks from Genie’s past—familiar faces and ones she had forgotten—to turn every waking hour into a nightmare.The young werewolf alpha will need to use every trick up her sleeve if she’s going to get the dearly departed back into their graves. And she’ll need to face some skeletons buried so deep in the closet she forgot they were there.Defeating Mercy will take Genie from the depths of the bayou to the streets of New York, and might just need a little something Secret to get the job done.