In this six-session video Bible study (DVD/digital video sold separately), Kristy Cambron guides small groups through the Gospel of Luke using a technique that revolutionized her time with God known as verse mapping.Kristy discovered this approach after experiencing a series of valleys—a family cancer diagnosis, grief, and loss—that made her realize she needed a more authentic walk with God. Although she was on the fast track to a rewarding career with a Fortune-100 corporation, had a growing family, and was living out a budding career as a fiction writer, she longed for a way to tap into her creative roots and really dig deep into studying the Bible.Kristy found the answer in verse mapping, a method of "studying the historical context, transliteration, translation, connotation, and theological framework of a verse in the Bible." Simply put, verse mapping is getting real about studying the Bible. More than just reading a verse, it's about researching everything you can about it to learn more about who God is and how he wants to speak to you through his Word.In this study, Kristy shares how you can have a verse-mapping journey of your own through the Gospel of Luke. In each session, she will provide you with practical examples on how to:Take the first steps in verse mapping and learn how to explore the Bible like never beforeCustomize your Bible study time for a deeper and more authentic walk with GodOvercome packed schedules, push past fears, and make God's Word an essential tool for daily livingStaying motivated in your study to pursue God’s calling for your lifeGod has provided a feast for you in his Word. He has set the table with an abundance of life nestled between the front and back covers of the Bible. Today is your chance to sit at the place reserved for you and receive all that he has to offer. Whether you have just five minutes today or an hour . . . or whether you are a seminary graduate or are opening your Bible for the first time . . . this is your opportunity to spend some serious time with God.Designed for use with Verse Mapping Luke Video Study (sold separately).