A Concisely Written And Information Rich How To Book And Self-Help Exercise GuideNo Nonsense - No Fluff - No Mindless Filler Why Slow Motion Weight Training? A far superior way to do strength training to build muscle mass that virtually eliminates the chance for injury. That is the “Slow-Motion” method where you lift somewhat heavier weights to muscle exhaustion with deliberately slow and gentle motion. About 10 seconds up and 10 seconds down for just three to six repetitions with no extra sets. The Fitness &amp; Weight Loss Industries Don't Want You To Know About Slow-Motion Strength Training As It Would Cut Their Profits Dramatically.   Benefits Of Slow-Motion Weight Training: Greater muscle mass and strength gains in a much shorter period with much less time spent working out.I know that sounds too good to be true but believe me, it is true. I’m a walking and talking testimonial for Slow-Motion strength training because of the amazing results I've personally achieved.With greater muscle mass achieved quicker, your body will burn more calories even at rest. It will be easier to keep your weight stable or burn fat away faster if you want to lose weight.It strengthens your bones without drugs as only strength training can do. This eliminates your chance for having osteoporosis or you can reverse an osteoporosis condition. Not only does the human lose muscle with age, we lose bone density too. This is increasingly important as we get older and especially so for women who are more prone to osteoporosis then men.Strength training improves circulation, blood sugar levels, and gives your body a better response to insulin that improves blood pressure, cholesterol, and triglycerides. This means you can forget about diabetes or wean yourself off the dangerous drugs if you have diabetes. You can also avoid or wean yourself off dangerous Statin drugs for cholesterol.Much safer and less likely to injure as the slower motions of Slow-Motion strength training hugely reduce momentum, gravity, and quick repetition stresses. These forces can injure your ligaments, tendons, and joints. Note: Connective Tissues Do Not Heal If Injured In Conventional Strength training. With a much lesser chance for injury, even the elderly and young can do Slow-Motion strength training safely.Shorter workouts save time and are more efficient because you can complete a workout in less than 30 minutes. It would be at least three hours of time in multiple workouts over a longer period to achieve the same results with conventional strength training. You gain significantly more muscle in the same period than you can with conventional strength training.Much more effective as without the aid of momentum from quick snappy movements, all four of your muscle fibers are recruited and exercised rather than the one or two types recruited in conventional strength training.You can remove the need for cardio training because you get a cardio workout while doing Slow-Motion.