Edmond Aldridge  I want what my brother has. Well, not exactly. As great as Carpenter is, he doesn't do it for me. But I want the love, devotion and crazy attraction he has with his mate. I want someone to look at me the way they look at each other. The way most of the leap looks at each other. After a horrible relationship with a man who tended to like to hurt me and not in a good way, I just want to find that one man who will treat me like I'm something special and not something to be abused and left behind. Ever since I first saw Axel, I had hoped I could have that with the tiger shifter from Tennessee who is visiting the leap as a favor to his alpha. But as drawn as I am to the man, he doesn't seem to have any interest in me. I guess I'm just not meant to be his after all.  Axel Oakes  I'm not meant to have a mate. A head injury when I was young left me with a sense of smell barely better than that of a human's. Though I've learned to work around it for the most part, I know I probably won't be able to sense my mate even if I was standing right on top of him. As tempting as it is to spend a little time with the adorable little Edmond, I have absolutely nothing to offer someone so perfect when I'm so flawed and I'm not here for a hookup anyway. My alpha has sent me to see if our streak can come meet the chosen. While I don't agree with it or how he plans on making our streak whole again, I have to do my duty. When Edmond's ex shows up in Purdy and tries to hurt the precious little human, this redneck tiger with little to no sense of smell isn't about to let anyting happen to him because even if I can't smell Edmond Aldridge, he tastes like mine.   Warning: Mpreg elements!  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::  