Monster Mashup - Spooky Short Story Ominbus -- with Special Bonus Zombie ShortNow with twelve short stories.Monsters, magic, goblins, zombies, and more. Be prepared to sleep with the lights on. This collection of short stories will have you looking over your shoulder, avoiding mirrors, and jumping at the slightest sound.From fiendish creatures hiding in your bathroom mirror, to Halloween pranks gone deadly wrong. Each story will scare, delight, and surprise.No gore or cursing here, just good ol' spine-chilling fun!Infinite Reflections – When Jessie's sister gets trapped in a haunted mirror, he must figure out how to destroy the creature within. Though, Mom might like it if he gets his sister out first.Bloody Marcy – Mixing a game of Bloody Mary with a practical joke proves to be a deadly combination.Monster in the Mirror - Nate, his little sister, and best buddy Dan, stumble upon a hidden room during a sleep-over. What they find inside is anything but friendly.Death Trap – Mike takes a bet to go inside a haunted house, but will he live long enough to collect?Steven, Space Stowaway – Steven sneaks onboard a spaceship bound for Mars. Just one problem: the Captain has a particularly unpleasant way of dealing with stowaways.The Price of Friendship – How much is a best friend worth? Joey finds out the hard way.Hobgoblin Horror – Jake only volunteered at the retirement home because Shelby works there. So, it's no wonder he's doesn't hear Mr. Fitches' warnings about a local homicidal hobgoblin—too bad for him.Rolling Leprechauns for Change – Leprechauns can have a nasty sense of humor—especially, when they're getting even.Hide-n-Go-Coffin – Playing hide-and-seek in a cemetery is disrespectful. When it happens to be cursed, the results can be deadly, or maybe even worse.Grandpa's Suits – A game of spin-the-bottle with the school pervert isn't a bright idea. Fortunately for Zoey, she's not quite alone.Brother's Keeper – Zack would be wise to spend less time looking for his missing sled and more worrying about what is lurking outside. Too bad, he's not the only one who'll suffer for his single-mindedness.Super Zombie Juice Mega Bomb When Life gives you lemons, kill zombies. In this special short story that inspired the upcoming novel, Nate and Misty's town is overrun by the undead and they'll need a little luck to squeeze their way out of this sticky mess.These stories are not recommended for kids under 8.