As the cold winter nights draw in, escape to the sleepy town of Wrenwick, where the streets sparkle with snow and a lonely young widow is about to find that true love really can strike twice…   As Christmas cheer fills Sparrow Street with excitement, grieving widow Nina is having a hard time. December is always a difficult month to face without her beloved husband Gray, the days feel long and bleak, and to cap it all, she’s just lost her job.  So when Nina hears that Sparrow Street’s Community Garden, one of Gray’s favourite places, is to be put up for sale she knows she must do something. Filled with purpose, she gathers the residents of Sparrow Street around her to turn the neglected patch of land into a Garden of Memories.  Working with her neighbours, single mum Kelly and eighty-year-old Ada, Nina soon finds that she’s not the only lonely soul on Sparrow Street. And as the community comes together and the garden flourishes, Nina can’t help but be drawn to Irish gardener Colm with his sparkling blue eyes and kind heart, finding herself confiding in him about all her recent troubles.  But just as Colm and Nina grow closer and he opens up to her about his own secret loss, Colm’s estranged wife returns from Scotland, wanting to try again. Nina knows she should let the man she’s falling for go – it’s the right thing to do. But what if fate has other plans in store? Will the beautiful garden on Sparrow Street have brought two people together only for Nina’s cautious heart to push them apart?  If you love an uplifting, moving love story, then The Garden on Sparrow Street is the perfect romantic read to curl up with on a winter’s afternoon. Fans of Josie Silver and Carole Matthews will love this book!   Readers are falling in love with The Garden On Sparrow Street:  ‘A lovely, lovely, book. I picked it up cuddled into my chair and started reading I did not get up for hours. I left my world, entered the town, met the characters, loved every page and was sorry to reach the end of this story, say goodbye to all the characters.’ Netgalley Reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  ‘This book is a custom-made necessity for those precious afternoons curled up on the sofa with a cup of tea and that proverbial 'good book'. This charming book would make a lovely stocking-stuffer.’ Netgalley Reviewer  Readers adore Tilly Tennant:  ‘I loved every minute of it… I was glued to my Kindle for a few days that's for sure!... A really brilliant read that will leave you hooked even after a few pages’ The Cosiest Corner, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  ‘Literally couldn’t put it down!… makes you laugh and tugs at the heartstrings, all in one go!... absolutely perfect!... breath-taking… made me cry and it made me laugh… filled me with festive warm feelings… Love love LOVED it!!.’ Stardust Book Reviews, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  ‘Oozing with Christmas charm, this is the perfect book to add to your holiday reads… This was a heart-warming read… Filled with charm, snow, and Christmas, this is one book that you need to add to your list!’ Darcy’s Book Blog  ‘Bloody brilliant… I loved being ba