Don’t let them steal your joy ...Olivia Miller is pretty sure she’d win the high school senior award “Most Likely to Never Figure Out What They Want To Do With Their Life”. Her critical father and neglectful mother have contributed to her anxiety and lack of direction about her future. She’s a model student with a big heart for community service, but her dad has belittled any ambition she ever had in pursuing something she’s interested in. College is a definite, but where should she go, and what should she major in? But there’s a new guy at school, Cameron McClain, who becomes a fabulous distraction. He is positively swoon-worthy, and not just because he’s a gorgeous romantic who plays the guitar. He’s also thoughtful and respectful, providing some much-needed acceptance and encouragement for Olivia. He fits right in with Olivia’s circle of friends: future fashion designer Lyla, photographer Kate, and all-around popular Josh. This story is about Olivia’s journey in learning to think for herself, set personal boundaries, and overcome limitations imposed by her overbearing parents, all while trying to set a good example for her younger sister, Emma, who is watching and learning from her. Thankfully, Olivia’s boss and mentor, Mrs. K, is looking out for her, offering guidance in life and Christian faith.Will she ever be able to get her dad’s judgmental comments out of her head? Most of all, she can’t wait to get away from home!NOTE TO READERS: This is a Young Adult / New Adult novel. It is written in first person POV and set in 1991. While there is no graphic sex or explicit language, it has descriptive romance and other content that could be considered PG-13 (if it were a movie) or TV-14 (if it were a TV show).This is the first book in a series intended to be read in the following order:Olivia, On the Brink (Olivia Series, Book 1) *Available NowOlivia, Finding Her Way (Olivia Series, Book 2) *Available NowOlivia, All In (Olivia Series, Book 3) **Coming Aug. 31, 2016**Olivia, Branching Out (Olivia Series, Book 4) *Coming in 2017Olivia, Altogether (Olivia Series, Book 5) *Coming in 2018And ... stay tuned for a series spinoff about Olivia's sister Emma!