Boxed Set Contains: Blaze of Glory (Prospect Springs Shifters) Pike’s Peak (League of the Unnatural) Tipping the Scales (Stop Dragon My Heart Around) Warriors of Darkness  Blaze of Glory (Shifter Paranormal Romance): Sheriff Jonathan MacSweeny is in charge of keeping the peace in Prospect Springs. Frontier living isn't what it used to be. It's hard to survive in the New Old West and it's even harder when your area doesn't exactly embrace supernaturals--and you howl at the moon. That being said, he's good at his job and has a reputation with the ladies. When he learns his childhood sweetheart is to be married off to the town sleazebag, he goes in guns blazing to see to it she's his. Problem is, Molly isn't the same girl he remembers from ten years prior. Now she's a gun-toting, foul-mouthed, vixen with a badge of her own.  Special Marshal Molly Cogan never planned to set foot back in Prospect Springs. When her friend gets the harebrained idea to steal her identity in an attempt to protect her from the bounty the outlaws have on her head, Molly finds herself standing right smack dab in the middle of chaos--or home in her case. It isn't long before Jonathan is there, flashing that famous MacSweeny boy smile and tempting her in ways she wasn't prepared for. This heart-hardened Marshal has her work cut out for her if she plans to face her past fears and her past sweetheart.  Pike's Peak (Shifter Paranormal Romance): Preventing world domination has its perks--brawn, brains, and now ... beauty.  Pike Kinsley is your run-of-the-mill, supernatural--fighting evil at all costs. Humans view him as a superhero. He doesn't want fame or glory. He just wants to live his life in peace, kill bad guys and scratch a carnal itch when need be. He also wants to forget messing up the most important thing in his life--a chance to claim the woman he loves. When opportunity knocks, wearing a navy catsuit, the wolf side of him comes to an understanding with the man--they will claim the woman. The blast from the past is more than Pike bargained for and might possibly be more than he can handle...If evil doesn't kill him, his best friend just might. After all, it's his best friend's sister Pike wants to conquer.  Tipping the Scales (Dragon Shifter Paranormal Romance) Zarek Dracodomus has one slight problem. If he doesn't mate by the end of the year, he'll never have sex again. When he sees a tall seductress, he knows she's the one. This headstrong sex goddess manages to turn the tables on the immortal playboy and Zarek finds himself racing to beat time, not only to remain sexually active but to win Keren's heart as well. Little does he know he's been yanked out of his tedium by a woman sworn to kill him and all of his kind.  Warriors of Darkness (Paranormal Shifter Erotic Romance): Deryn Murray has her work cut out for her. Not only is she determined to prevent Alejandro Vargas's death--one she's seen over and over in her dreams--but she must keep anyone from learning her true identity--that of a slayer, and sworn enemy of all the supernaturals. Protecting the Colonel of the alternate realm military base threatens not only her life but her very heart. Despite his refusal to cooperate, Alejandro has broken through her emotional barriers and holds the power to hurt her worse than anyone ever has.  Colonel Alejandro Vargas is more than frustrated when his job gets a whole lot tougher due to the arrival of two civilian doctors, one of whom is human. Tall, sexy and blonde, Dr. Deryn Murray gets under his skin in more ways than one. If she's not humming nursery rhymes and talking to animals, she's taking on armed spirit tomb guards while insisting she's saving his life.