A quirky, dirty, literary, love story...KYLIE MORRIS is not normal. She's brilliant, but naive. All she knows is her sheltered life studying the viola. She longs for excitement or happiness, but would settle for a clue as to what she should do with her life. After losing her job with the symphony, Kylie finds herself on an interview at Lust Media-an adult publishing company. Her curiosity is captured not only by the job, but her boss, Benjamin Price.But after 14 years of hard work, can she quit playing viola to work in porn? And if she stays, even for a little while, can she handle all the kinky demands of her new employer, or will being with Benjamin shatter what little self-esteem she has left?MILLIONS aren't enough for Benjamin Price. He wants to be a billionaire, and he's all set for expansion, but he has one major problem. It's hard to attract the top talent when you're still growing as a company, and you make pornography.When his shy, new hire shows promise, Benjamin wonders what it will take to make her stay. He knows how to get women to do what he wants, but will he get snagged in his own trap to ensnare Kylie?* * *HOT SEXY ALERT: Not for people who blush at strong language and not for anyone under voting ageThis book puts a realistic, quirky twist on the alpha romance, office romance, billionaire erotic romance novel. If you like unusual characters, enjoy romance as well as literary women's fiction, or are in the mood for something different, then this book is for you. Readers looking for a more traditional, BDSM billionaire, first-person novel may find the alternating third-person POV and off-center heroine not to their liking.Lusted is Book One of a genre-expanding, new adult contemporary romance series, but there is NO CLIFFHANGER. There is a REAL ENDING. There are, however, unresolved questions that will be answered in subsequent books. --The Lusted Series (featuring Kylie &amp; Benjamin)LustedLusted 2: Totally ExposedLusted 3: Billionaire BoundLusted 4: Uncovered SecretsLusted Standalones: (featuring other Lusted characters)Broken Hearted (Lusted 3.5)Left Behind (Lusted 4.5)