Time Out is a dignified and effective method of discipline, endorsed by the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Psychological Association. This book, written by parenting experts, explains the Time Out process and provides step-by-step instructions for its proper and effective use. Please Explain Time Out To Me is two books in one: an engaging story with colorful illustrations and a parent section which describes the Time Out process in detail, as well as the advantages and pitfalls of other methods of discipline.Children will: Enjoy the story and illustrations Understand how Time Out works Empathize with the characters in the book Be treated respectfully when given a consequence Experience the benefits of Time Out as a mechanism of behavior change Parents and caregivers will: Develop a plan for supplying responses to their child's unacceptable behavior Understand the rationale behind Time-Out as a management technique Learn how to use Time Out effectively Better handle behavioral issues wherever they occur Learn that physical forms of punishment do not work Drs. Zelinger book is clearly informed by literature and both clinical and personal experience. Its simplicity and ease-of-use and understanding allows for broad reach to all parents that face the normal challenges in raising children. The story to help the child understand makes this book unique, as well as the "fixer box" concept. Behavioral difficulties often stem from struggles around feeling in control. This book gives a concrete, more adaptive path for both parents and child to feel in control. -- David Salsberg, PsyD, DABPS Clinical Neuropsychologist; Director, Pediatric Assessment, Learning &amp; Support (PALS), New York, NY.In Please explain Time Out To Me, Drs. Laurie and Fred Zelinger offer a clear, concise and insightful look at the often misunderstood and misinterpreted concept of time out. Combining colorful illustrations and story line for children and step-by-step guidelines and principles for parents and adults, the book has unique appeal to both. I highly recommend this book, particularly to parents foraging through the tangled, complicated and sometimes scary web called parenthood. -- Iris Ackerman, LCSW, PhD, Clinical Social WorkerAs a child psychiatrist, finding parenting books that are straightforward, helpful, and concise is a rare find indeed. Drs. Laurie and Fred Zelinger offer just that in Please Explain Time Out To Me. In its pages, they harness their expert clinical experience and judgment and offer it in a relatable, engaging, and entertaining way. I highly recommend this book to families who are struggling with the difficult journey of growing up and managing problem behaviors along the way. -- Stephen Perret, MD., Child PsychiatristThumbs up for Drs. Zelinger's book on explaining time out to kids. As a busy working mom with six children, I have used time out effectively. I would recommend reading this book to help understand the benefits of time out for both parents and children, and the effectiveness of time-out as a learning tool. Drs. Zelinger's thought out story will be a helpful, useful contribution for kids, parents and teachers. -- Chani Jacobowitz, LCSW; Mother of 6From the Please Explain To Me... seriesLearn more at www.DrZelinger.comFrom Loving Healing Press www.LHPress.com