If you love Maya Banks and Monica McCarty, don’t miss Sharon Cullen’s captivating Highland Pride novels! Sutherland’s Secret kicks off a series that’s overflowing with mouthwatering Scottish warriors, captivating history, and forbidden desire.   Terror reigns in the aftermath of the Battle of Culloden. As British troops obliterate the last traces of the Jacobite cause, Brice Sutherland, the Earl of Dornach, risks everything to arrange a covert escape route to Canada for his fellow Scots. But when he encounters a dying Englishwoman, hauntingly beautiful though scarred by manacles and unable to speak, Brice’s true courage is put to the test. Nothing but ruin could result from helping her, or worse: falling in love.   The pampered daughter of a marquess, Eleanor Hirst was the talk of the London season when she wed the Earl of Glendale. Little did she know that his posting as an officer in Scotland would be their undoing. Now her husband is dead and Eleanor is a fugitive in a hostile country. Desperate for help, she throws herself on the mercy of Brice Sutherland, a handsome Scottish warrior who should be her enemy. Instead, he cares for her tenderly, reviving her shattered spirit—and awakening urges unlike any she’s ever known.   Praise for the novels of Sharon Cullen   “This Regency romance has it all—danger, blackmail, passion, love, and characters that draw you in and leave you wanting more.”—Fresh Fiction, on Sebastian’s Lady Spy 
   
 “Heart-wrenching and full of real emotion, proving that love is always the answer, His Saving Grace is the best book I’ve read this year!”—USA Today bestselling author Bronwen Evans   “A sizzling, smart relationship that evolves beautifully to capture readers’ hearts as well as their imaginations.”—RT Book Reviews, on Pleasing the Pirate   “Loving the Earl is charming and fast-paced. It’s filled with passion, intrigue, a resourceful heroine you’ll love, and a delicious hero you’ll fall in love with.”—New York Times bestselling author Jacquie D’Alessandro   “The Notorious Lady Anne has everything I look for in a romance. Cullen’s debut is a sexy, fun, and thrilling read.”—Bestselling author Shana Galen   Includes a special message from the editor, as well as an excerpt from another Loveswept title.