Cole: Dane was everything I wanted to be in high school. Popular, confident, insanely hot. He was also my best friend and secret crush until I managed to screw that up. When I see him again after nearly a decade apart, I’m floored. If anything, he’s even sexier. But more importantly, he’s not holding any grudges. In fact, he seems…interested in me. And when my soon-to-be sister-in-law drops a little secret about him, I’m done for.  I want him. It doesn’t have to be forever. I just need one night, one down and dirty interlude on my primarily vanilla existence, and I’ll be set for life. Dane: The second I spot Cole at his brother’s wedding, I might as well be back in high school all over again. All those old feelings come rushing back: the pining—my god, the pining I did for this man—and all the regret I’ve carried for being too afraid to tell him back then. But now that Cole’s out of the closet and looking for something a little...different, I can’t resist. Because that happens to be my forte, and I’m more than happy to give him exactly what he needs. One wild night should be enough to leave us both satisfied, right?  REUNION is 35K words of angst-free humor, swoony moments, mild impact play (caning), creative and liberal use of dessert foods, and two men who get the second chance they deserve with each other.  ***  For the first 90 days of this title's publication, all sales and page reads will be donated to the Just Us Program at the Oasis Center in Nashville and the Magic City Acceptance Center of Birmingham.  REUNION is part of a multi-author series of books that take place in the same fictional town. Each story can be read in any order. The connecting element in the Ace's Wild series is an adult store owned by Ace and Wilder. The main characters from each book will make at least one visit to Ace's Wild, where they'll buy a toy to use in their story! The only characters who crossover to each book are Ace and Wilder. And with various heat levels, there's sure to be something for everyone!