EXECUTIVE SUMMARYThe U.S. government reported a five-fold increase in the number of electronic media searches at the border in a single year, from 4,764 in 2015 to 23,877 in 2016. Every one of those searches was a potential privacy violation. Our lives are minutely documented on the phones and laptops we carry, and in the cloud. Our devices carry records of private conversations, family photos, medical documents, banking information, information about what websites we visit, and much more. Moreover, people in many professions, such as lawyers and journalists, have a heightened need to keep their electronic information confidential. How can travelers keep their digital data safe?The U.S. Constitution generally places strong limits on the government’s ability to pry into this information. At the U.S. border, however, those limits are not as strong, both legally and practically. As a matter of the law, some legal protections are weaker – a fact EFF is working to change. As a matter of practice, border agents may take a broad view of what they are permitted to do. Border agents may attempt to scrutinize the content stored on your phones, laptops, and other portable electronic devices. They may try to use your devices as portals to access your cloud content, including electronic communications, social media postings, and ecommerce activity. Moreover, agents may seek to examine your public social media postings by obtaining your social media identifiers or handles. As of this writing, the federal government is considering requiring disclosure from certain foreign visitors of social media login credentials, allowing access to private postings and “friend” lists.This guide (updating a previous guide from 2011) helps travelers understand their individual risks when crossing the U.S. border, provides an overview of the law around border search, and offers a brief technical overview to securing digital data.As an initial matter, readers should note that one size does not fit all. We are deeply concerned by invasive and even abusive practices of some border agents, and we are well aware of the serious consequences some travelers may face if they run afoul of a border agent. Many groups, including EFF, are working to establish clear legal protections to help alleviate that fear. In the meantime, however, we know that some travelers will want to take a highly conservative approach, while others will be less concerned. This guide is intended to help you make informed choices according to your situation and risk-tolerance.Part 1 identifies the risk assessment factors that all travelers should consider (such as immigration status, travel history, and the data stored on the device) and the potential actions that travelers can take to secure their digital privacy at the U.S. border. Those actions include:•Before your trip. Travelers should decide whether they can reduce the amount of digital information that they carry across the border. For example, they may leave certain devices at home, use temporary devices, delete content from their devices, or shift content to the cloud. Travelers should protect the information they do carry over the border. Most importantly, they should use full-disk encryption and backup their data somewhere else. Also, shortly before arriving at the border, travelers should power off their devices, which will resist a variety of high-tech attacks against encryption. Travelers should not rely solely on fingerprint locks, which are less secure than passwords.•At the U.S. border. Agents may ask travelers to unlock their devices, provide their device passwords, or disclose their social media information. This presents a no-win dilemma. If a traveler complies, then the agents can scrutinize and copy their sensitive digital information. If a traveler declines, then the agents can seize their devices, subject the traveler to additional questioning and detention, and otherwise escalate the encounter.Border agents cannot deny a U.S. citizen admission to the country. However, if a foreign visitor declines, an agent may deny them entry. If a lawful permanent resident declines, agents may raise complicated questions about their continued status as a resident.Your response to this dilemma may vary according to your risk assessment. However, all travelers should stay calm and respectful, should not lie to border agents or physically obstruct them, and should plan for this dilemma ahead of time. Try to document or politely ask for the names, badge numbers, and agencies of the government officers you interact with.After your trip. If you feel that U.S. border agents violated your rights by searching or seizing your digital devices or online accounts, please contact EFF at borders@eff.org. Also, write down everything that happened as soon as possible.Part 2 provides a primer on the law and policies related to border search of digital devices to help you understand the broader legal context. In particular, we address:Your rights at the border. Compared to people and police in the interior of the country, border agents have more power and people crossing the border have less privacy. But the border is not a Constitution-free zone. The powers of border agents are tempered by the First Amendment (freedom of speech, association, press, and religion), the Fourth Amendment (freedom from unreasonable searches and seizures), the Fifth Amendment (freedom from compelled self-incrimination), and the Fourteenth Amendment (freedom from discrimination).Government policies and practices at the border. For many years, the federal government has asserted broad powers at the border to search and seize travelers’ digital information. These intrusions are growing in frequency and intensity.Finally, Part 3 is a primer on the technology of privacy protection. To secure our digital lives, we often must rely on (and understand) encryption, passwords, effective deletion, and cloud storage. In Part 1, we highlight some of the ways you can use these tools and services to protect your privacy. Part 3 offers a deeper dive.