DEM BONES GONNA RISE AGAIN!In this masterpiece of mayhem, Clayton E. Spriggs tells the story behind a pile of bones that sits in the coroner’s office and the detective who is assigned to solve a heinous crime.When a severed foot is discovered in the Dead River Swamp, Detective Robert Stallworth, known for his special talent for finding dead things, is called in to look for the rest of the body. But his job gets even harder when parts of more than one body turn up. Follow the detective as he puts the pieces together to find out who the victims were, where they came from, how they ended up in the swamp, and, most importantly, who put them there.Told in seven parts, twists and turns abound in this gripping story of manipulation, murder, and illusion. Don’t be deceived—-nothing is as it seems. Can you solve the mystery of The Bone Puzzle?The Saga Begins contains the first three partsPART ONE: HOCUS POCUSIllusions can be deadlyPART TWO: HALLELUJAHThe swamp will keep our secretsPART THREE: THE HOLY RELICFoot bone connected to the heel boneThe Complete Story contains all seven partsYou will be given the option to get The Complete Story for FREEPART FOUR: REVELATIONBeware of false prophetsPART FIVE: RETRIBUTIONThere was only one way outPART SIX: REDEMPTIONLet the games beginPART SEVEN: RESURRECTIONWhen a prophet stands trial, expect a miracle"An intoxicating and spine-tingling tale of evil and depravity that even well-read fans of horror and thrilling suspense are sure to devour." (4-5 stars) Essie Harmon--Goodreads"Clayton E. Spriggs delivers in The Bone Puzzle with jaw-dropping and psychotic characters who are scary real... If you are looking for some well written and twisted, bizarre psychological- human drama horror that is packed full of horror and intrigue then I would highly recommend checking this book out." (5 stars) Darlene Cupp--Indie Book Reviewers"A complex, disturbing, original read, and as far as a horror goes, one of the best one's I've read." (4 stars) Carla Bigins--Goodreads"Spriggs isn't afraid to horrify, shock, titillate, and surprise us...something that makes reading this a real experience that won't soon be forgotten" (5 stars) Gillian Hancock--Indie Book Reviewers