Endless: A Literate Passion is a transformative series of poetic takes on known love stories and legends; narratives that transport the reader through exotic, sensuous ports--the Red Sea, the Mediterranean, the rainy streets of Paris, Manhattan on lonely days--and into the secret lives and loves of our most beloved icons--Anais Nin, Zelda Fitzgerald, Amelia Earhart, Marilyn Monroe, Jack Kerouac, Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Paul Celan...With the exquisite cover art "Anais and Henry" by painter Eric Anfinson, Endless, which made its debut as the number one bestselling new release in Love Poetry, is a must for lovers of words, of passion, of travel, and transformation...Artist Eric Anfinson, creator of Anais and Henry, explains: "Anne's writing is intimate, tactile, rhythmic and vast...I found myself taken to many places and into different periods of time...The image is a sensual, intimate mirror of the way the ''Endless'' moved me..."About Anais & Henry, Anfinson shares: "Henry Miller is focused on the lady in red dress, a combination of Anne Tammel and Anais Nin...Passion corners us, and yet we yearn to be there...The balcony, the space of their relationship, is surrounded by beauty and perils...Miller is seated...with the silk red journal between them, "and red silk journals are covered in sweat and secrets..." Water, sky, and land allow for the endless waves, sky, and travel, and also represent the emotions, conscious, and unconsciousness of our lives...""ENDLESS reads like a love letter...I feel I'm inside a museum of daring sculptures, a Grecian sun glinting off the bone white marble. The collection--voluptuous. Its rhythms searching, sensual, and authentic 'like a wife--an insatiable wife...a lover of silk...and words...and your breath,' finding the authentic voice within the poet's internal theater. I slipped easily into these literary shoes to stride confidently across the stage..."  ~ Lois P. Jones, Kyoto Poetry Journal"ENDLESS is a mantic book, the handiwork of a sorceress and magicienne, of one whose gifts with language and perception transform the sublunary and timely into pictures of dynamic affect...to put the collection aside is suddenly to see a landscape in a new light where grey and white are perpetually moving but without invention or causality. It is refreshing and rare to read such flawless poetry. Hence, ENDLESS is made into an object I return to frequently and continue to keep with me."  ~ Kevin McGrath, Harvard University"Moving page by page through the red silk journals of the heart, Anne Tammel takes the reader on a journey through a historical and literary landscape so vibrant, so vividly and generously splashed with color and love that it could only be explored through poetry. Here is a woman, who, much like the great artists about whom she writes, not only looks at the world with extraordinary, resplendent vision, but who has the courage and talent to offer that vision beautifully to the world."  ~ Melissa Studdard, I Ate the Cosmos for Breakfast