Why settle for one sexy sports romance when you can have four?Alpha snowboarders. Feisty heroines. Sweet, swoon-worthy stories.4 full-length standalones in one complete set.Everything I NeedCharley Meadows has lost nearly everything she loves.Determined to move on, Charley leaves home and abandons her true calling in life, replacing it with exhausting days of unfulfilling work. She never expected to have her newfound peace disrupted by Wes Blackman.Snowboarder extraordinaire turned business owner, Wes' focus is on making Blackman Boards the industry leader in snowboard production. With his company set to launch a new series of boards, Wes finds himself back on the mountain.What he hadn't expected to find was a mysterious girl with a battered heart.Charley is afraid to take a risk. However, Wes is irresistibly charming. If she opens her heart to vulnerability, she's worried tragedy may strike again.Wes wants the opportunity to prove that no matter what happens, he'll always be there to pick up the pieces.Everything I HaveEmme James lives in darkness.Ever since her abusive relationship ended in heartbreaking tragedy, she's kept herself secluded to protect herself and others. Emme's plans to remain unattached fall apart the moment Zane Cunningham sets his sights on her.A professional snowboarder at the top of his game, Zane doesn't need a distraction. But when Emme walks into his life, he can't fight the pull he feels toward her and will take her any way he can get her.Emme struggles to resist Zane's persistent efforts to turn their friendship into something more. Having lived a charmed life, Zane is devastated to learn the truth about the tragic incident in her past. When her ugly past doesn't deter Zane, Emme finally gives into the attraction between them.Just as Zane brings light and laughter into Emme's life, her trouble finally catches up to her, threatening her newfound happiness. Zane promises he'll keep her safe, no matter the cost.Because he knows that if he can't, Emme may be lost in darkness forever.Everything I WantWhen starry-eyed dancer, Monroe Archer, meets snowboarder Xander Stone, she believes she's found the man of her dreams. Searching for her fairytale romance since she was little, Monroe goes after what she wants.Stone is a grief-stricken man. At a young age, he learned that forever doesn't exist. Ever since, he's been a tortured soul, living his life devoid of deeper connections.Monroe is shocked to discover that despite their attraction, Stone won't offer anything but friendship. Just as she tries to move on, he realizes his attraction to her isn't something he can so easily deny. Powerless to resist her any longer, Stone starts something with Monroe knowing he can't give her forever.Monroe sets out to heal the wounds left on the heart of the man she loves. But it isn't long before Monroe realizes that sometimes those that love you most are the ones that hurt you the worst.Everything I LoveNikki Drake was just a little girl when she experienced her first heartbreak. Many years and betrayals later, she's learned that life is what you make of it. While her past hasn't stopped her from working hard to become a confident, successful woman, it has affected one small part of her.Nikki refuses to give her heart to anyone ever again.Luke Townsend is a man most women dream about. Underneath his tall, handsome exterior, he's charming, compassionate, sensitive, and loyal. A dedicated snowboarder, Luke knows what it means to work hard for what he wants. And what Luke wants is Nikki.Having resolved to live a life without romantic love, Nikki rejects him. Luke walks away, vowing to find a way to win her heart. When Nikki decides to take a chance on Luke, he is patient while she struggles to find the courage to trust he won't hurt her.But once Nikki hands her heart over to him, Luke shatters her world with the truth.