Publisher's Note: Products purchased from Third Party sellers are not guaranteed by the publisher for quality, authenticity, or access to any online entitlements included with the product.What does every employee want? In a word: RESPECTThe best leaders are the ones who motivate employees to want to perform at the highest level possible--which is never accomplished with an iron-fist style of management. The best results are achieved through one of the most basic human behaviors: the showing of respect.Organizational change expert Paul Meshanko has studied how the human brain responds in various workplace situations--and his conclusion is astonishing: People perform at their highest level when treated with respect. Conversely, when an employee is emotionally attacked by disrespectful behavior, he or she shuts down. In The Respect Effect, Meshanko reveals the transformational power of respect in the workplace.Given the pressures of the workplace, this is sometimes easier said than done. So Meshanko provides a practical action plan you can use to train yourself or others to get on track--and stay on track. His proven strategy helps you understand the initial, biological reactions to what people (This means you!) say and do.Through his cited research in neuroscience, Meshanko teaches you how to create positive situations, avoid negative ones, and ultimately build a better work environment for everyone. The Respect Effect explains:The hard science proving why respect is the most powerful employee motivatorHow to build a corporate culture based on respect, starting with senior leadershipThe 12 Rules of Respect--simple but powerful ways to communicate respectfully in any situationThe strategy, resource requirements, and tools for sustaining a respectful workplace cultureHow do you use the concept of neuroscience to achieve a great work environment? The answer is obvious. Feed others a diet of respect--real, deserved, genuine respect--and you will see amazing things happen in your organization.Use Meshanko's proven approach to organizational change to create a culture of contagious respect in your organization.