He thought he’d lost his chance to be with her. Now, he'll move Heaven and Earth to keep her safe.  As a former SEAL and now Alpha Team’s technical analyst, Derek West is all about the numbers. But, when this Texas native unexpectedly bumps into the one that got away, he’s determined to beat the odds. Derek wants to make Charlie a part of his life again—especially when he discovers she’s been living with a monster.  To others, Charlotte “Charlie” Porter’s elaborate life seems picture-perfect, but then no one truly knows what goes on behind closed doors. After a chance meeting with the one man she’s never been able to forget, Charlie begins to dream of the road not taken. Unfortunately for them both, it’s a road that could prove lethal.  When Derek shows up just when she needs him most, Charlie finally breaks loose from her abusive husband’s clutches. But as she and Derek begin to explore what could’ve been, these friends-to-lovers realize Charlie’s in more danger than ever before.  Will Derek be able to keep the love of his life safe, or will an obsessive killer destroy the second chance both he and Charlie have always dreamed of?  **Intentional Risk is Book 4 in the R.I.S.C. Series. It can be read as a standalone. However, there are characters from and references to the previous three books, so you may want to start with Book 1--Taking a Risk, Part One--to avoid any spoilers.  **All R.I.S.C. novels are full-length and filled with hot romance, loads of action, and edge-of-your-seat suspense. Every R.I.S.C. member will get their own Happily Ever After...of course, they'll have to fight for it, first.  R.I.S.C. Series in order:  Book 1: Taking a Risk, Part One (Jake &amp; Olivia's HFN) Book 2: Taking a Risk, Part Two (Jake &amp; Olivia's HEA) Book 3: Beautiful Risk (Trevor &amp; Lexi) Book 4: Intentional Risk (Derek &amp; Charlotte "Charlie") Book 5: Unpredictable Risk (Grant &amp; Brynnon) Coming Soon Book 6: TBD Book 7: TBD  Bravo Team Series:  This spin-off series will follow the stories of each member of R.I.S.C.'s new Bravo Team and will be available to either purchase through Amazon or read through KU. All Bravo Team books will be part of Susan Stoker's Special Forces: Operation Alpha World and will include Ms. Blakey's Bravo characters, as well as appearances by members of Alpha Team and Susan Stoker's Deltas and SEALs.  Book 1: Rescuing Gracelynn (Nate &amp; Gracie) (September 10, 2019) Book 2: (Title TBD) (November 2019) 