Primeval Origins: Paths of Anguish (2nd Edition) - Book #1 in this epic story revealing mankind's undiscovered history and ancient origins bringing rise the legendary Four Horsemen. Join Nikki, a paleo-archeological graduate student suffering life altering happenings turning her life upside-down and sending her on the run from forces unknown as she learns of and experiences our undiscovered and hidden history. A history filled with terrible tyrannies, deadly dinosaurs, brutal beasts, ancient gods, and heroic hearts as the origins of our End Times is revealed, answering the question, "What if all of our myths and legends are true?"Primeval Origins: Paths of Anguish (Book #1 in this Epic Saga, 2nd Edition)www.primevalorigins.com AWARDS and HONORS * Young Adult Book of the Year, 2014/2015 Reader Views Literary Awards. * Finalist, Fantasy Book of the Year, Readers Favorite 2016 Book Awards * Finalist, Fantasy Book of the Year, 2016 International Book Awards * Distinguished Favorite, Epic Fantasy Book of the Year, 2017 Independent Press Awards * Fantasy Book of the Year, 2017 NYC Big Book Award * Winner, Science Fantasy, National Association of Book Entrepreneurs (NABE) Winter 2018 Pinnacle Book Achievement Award Epic Fantasy, Science Fantasy, Fantasy, Science Fiction, Young Adult, Action &amp; Adventure, Myth &amp; Legend, Dystopian, Good and Evil, Christian Fantasy, Kindle, Nook, iBook/iTunes...and maybe more truth than is expected.Myths and legends…stories the established academics and those taught to scoff at the misunderstood speak of as fables and fantasy. I thought so too, just as I was taught when a graduate student in archeology and paleontology; scorn and ridicule the forbidden. Myths are just…myths. Legends are just…legends. Then, I discovered different, in a South America dig where my life went upside down after finding what should not be with that we thought we knew so much about. My consciousness, my Light, was plunged through a maelstrom bound to others from our undiscovered history as I learned of dinosaurs and celestial gods of humanity’s past in what the Hopi and Maya named our First World-Age. In my here and now, still bonded to the others, I’ve learned of the Serpent’s “perfecting” of humanity, lost civilizations, beasts, monsters…creations by gods sent as angelic messenger to watch and guide mankind, ancient technologies and even magics beyond them, and of the stars…our origins…the Creator-of-All and the Light. And, with sorrows in my experiences, I acknowledged humanity’s failings as they acted out in their desires and fears…our “perfecting” inheritance. And just when mankind seems lost to darkness, sparks of nobility and honor give hope all is not lost. Now, standing at the precipice at the end of mankind’s Fourth World-Age, I fear what is to come from the others…the Horsemen of Prophecy…Harbingers of Judgments, and their promising of terrible things. Yet, I still have hope for what’s to follow. As our ancient gods did in rocks and tablets of clay to teach us of our past, I, Nikki...One of Earth, now share these chronicles with you before the sounding of the heavenly trumpets. Visit the Primeval Origins websites at: www.primevalorigins.com www.celestialfurypublsihing.com www.facebook.com/primevalorigins The websites are loaded with news, the Primeval Origins Encyclopedia and Lexicon (all the background elements that you just can't stuff into the books).