Sometimes the ones who got away never really did… Omega Bryce, stuck in a dead-end job that barely makes ends meet, doesn’t have time to act as executor for his dearly departed uncle’s estate—especially since it means going back to Vale Valley, home of many of his best (and long-past) memories. He’s even more unwilling to let his uncle down. But when Bryce arrives only to discover the lawyer he needs to meet with has closed up shop for the holidays, he decides to stay in his uncle’s cabin for a few days. Alpha Houston had no intention of ever returning to Vale Valley after he joined the Coast Guard nearly a decade earlier. But the news that he’s been named Sal’s executor draws him back. He decides to stay at the cabin and is shocked when he returns with groceries to find Bryce, his old crush, looking and smelling every bit as delicious as Houston remembered. Alpha Dante never left Vale Valley—not that it mattered, since both his hearts took off years ago. When Sal passes and names him executor of the estate, it’s like a door finally closing on that chapter of his life. After all, why would either Houston or Bryce ever return? When he sees them again, though, he feels his past has returned and is being dangled in front of him as a possible future. The three men fall back into their old friendship with ease—and the lust they felt all those years ago is only magnified. This time, though, they don’t ignore it, allowing the magic of the season to thrust them into what they always truly wanted. But with adult commitments looming and so much time lost, is it too late for their happily ever after?
   Twice as Joyful is part of a multi-author series about Vale Valley, a small town open to everyone in need of love and a home. Each installment can be read as a standalone.
Nestle up with your cup of cocoa and enjoy this MMM non-shifter super sweet with knotty omegaverse second-chance romance featuring three reunited best friends, some mistletoe mischief, and a surprise gift that will warm your heart, all set in the mystical, magical, love-filled Vale Valley!