BRING THE TECHNIQUES OF THE STAGE TO THE BOARDROOM. For more than a decade, Belle Linda Halpern and Kathy Lubar have applied the lessons and expertise they have learned as performing artists to the work of their company, The Ariel Group. Halpern and Lubar have helped tens of thousands of executives at major companies around the country and the globe, including General Electric, Mobil Oil, Capital One, and Deloitte. In Leadership Presence, they make their time-tested strategies available to everyone, from high-profile CEOs to young professionals seeking promotion. Their practical, proven approach will enable you to develop the skills necessary to inspire confidence, command respect, build credibility, and motivate others. Halpern and Lubar teach you: * How to handle tough situations with heightened confidence and flexibility * How to build your relationships to enhance collaboration and business development * How to express yourself dramatically and motivate others * How to integrate your personal values into communication to inspire others and become a more effective leader "Learning the skills of the true performance experts, readers will understand why Leadership Presence is the key to dynamic and authentic leadership. BACKCOVER: As a leader, you are always in the spotlight. Leadership Presence teaches how to be masterful under that bright light...connecting more profoundly to those you lead and to yourself. A thought-provoking and highly practical guide to realizing your leadership potential."  Jay Conger Professor, London Business School Author, Building Leaders  "Based on years teaching senior executives at the Columbia Business School I can say that the ideas in this book are easy to apply and make a dramatic difference in leadership effectiveness. Infused with the magic of theater and illustrated with compelling stories, Leadership Presence is a fantastic resource for executives and executive educators!"  Professor Michael J. Fenlon, Associate Dean for Executive MBA Programs, Columbia Business School  "In Leadership Presence, Halpern and Lubar reveal what great leaders have always known: that the secret to having a commanding presence isn't about personal power, but about empowering others. Its inspiring stories will speak to anyone who interacts with others. It will be especially useful for experienced leaders who feel they aren't coming across as powerfully as they'd like."  Kenneth H. Blanchard, Co-author of The One Minute Manager and Full Steam Ahead!  "The foundation of success in business (and in life) is the ability to authentically engage and connect with others. Using the profession of acting as the perfect metaphor, this book is a masterful guide for achieving true leadership success. I loved the mix of personal stories from clients and well-known actors and found Leadership Presence to be a powerful teaching tool. This book isn't just for business leaders, it's for anyone who wants to bring more passion, empathy and presence to all their relationships. I highly recommend it!"  Cheryl Richardson, author of Take Time for Your Life and Stand Up for Your Life  "The ability to inspire and move others is difficult to define, yet impossible to ignore. Leadership Presence unlocks the secrets of one of the most decisive and powerful aspects of human communication. If you want to better understand and develop leadership presence in yourself and others, read this book. Like its subject, this book is compelling and impossible to ignore.