A children's novel- PETER: A Darkened FairytaleRough age range 11-13, fun for adults too! In a quiet sleepy place nestle a few tiny houses, a bridge, and a handful of shops. Unknown to Peter, on one particular morning - the morning of his tenth birthday -will reveal more than just the usual collection of presents. Stumbling into a secret place, he travels through many hidden worlds and embarks upon a fantastic journey. Hally the lifelongian, Arnica the maiden, Wind Sail the white witch and a beautiful elf called Slip will all guide him on his quest.Searching through the Purple Forest, Peter makes haste to rescue a friend, which proves more difficult than Peter could ever imagine. The gentle tale soon finds its way into some very dark places as the evil Cirinian and her followers try to thwart Peter's progress. Guards, ghosts, spirits and vampirism add to the unknown dimensions that Peter encounters.A creation of surreal places and characters, Peter: A Darkened Fairytale is an exciting and imaginative fantasy trip from beginning to end.A drawer is a drawer, and a door is a door, one way in and one way out. What... not sure? A time in space has now arrived for some readers passing by and travelling through in a blip of time, goes so quick, like this rhyme. The thoughts one thinks may not be real and sometimes they will make you squeal. Biting, scratching, tastes hang true, inside this story you'll meet things new. Must be careful, for if you fall those evildoers will seize all. Taking bodies and minds of prey, trapped, entombed as darkness flays. If by chance you are done, chase the light chosen one. Staring from those eyes so bright, view things given with new sight. For all that see, avoid the dark, a new path is shown near the park. A secret there for all that be, if you're brave enough, open me!For all those imaginative souls A fascinating tale takes the reader on a true flight of fantasy into amazing far-off lands, dramatically expanding the imagination and touching the heart. An exploration of the senses is tantalised through the many unusual characters, while exploring alternate realities. A placid opening of the mystical realms should not be underestimated as they soon lead off and reach into some of the darkest corners of the mind. A gentle fairytale twists along its path into an unusual and disturbed adventure.