Meet the Blackthorne men, each one as hot, fast, and smooth as the whisky that built the family fortune, and the yachts and race cars that bear their name. From proud Scottish stock, Blackthornes never lose. But, one by one, the seven sexy men in this family are about to risk everything when they fall for strong and beautiful women who test their mettle in life…and love.  ROSS  Ross Blackthorne likes his cars fast and his women faster. As the third son, he’s accustomed to living his life without the pressure to succeed that his older brothers face. But when he crashes his race car during a public event, his father decides enough is enough. It’s time for Ross to step up and join the family business.  Holly Brooks has her hands full running operations at the Blackthorne Distillery in Lexington, Kentucky. The last thing she needs is to babysit an unrepentant playboy who doesn’t have any interest in learning what it takes to make world-class bourbon. Ross only intends to stay for as long as it takes to convince his father he’s better suited to driving fast—but working in close proximity to Holly is more interesting than he expected.  Can daredevil Ross convince good girl Holly that he’s worth the risk? Or is their budding relationship doomed to crash and burn?  Don't miss these sexy, heartwarming, emotion-filled books by seven bestselling authors: Barbara Freethy, Julia London, Lynn Raye Harris, Cristin Harber, Roxanne St. Claire, Christie Ridgway and Samantha Chase.  Devlin #1 – Barbara Freethy  Jason #2 – Julia London  Ross #3 – Lynn Raye Harris  Phillip #4 – Cristin Harber  Brock #5 – Roxanne St. Claire  Logan #6 – Samantha Chase  Trey #7 – Christie Ridgway  Praise for Lynn Raye Harris’s Novels:  “This is an amazing display of great story telling. I loved every second of it.” - The Romance Book Club  “Lynn Raye Harris is explosive!” - Goodreads  “...Harris proves she knows how to keep her readers coming back for more.” - Julie Johnson  “Reading this book was an unforgettable experience.” - From the Bottom of a Frappe  “Congratulations Ms. Harris you have earned yourself a new dedicated fan. Just keep the wonderful stories coming down the line.” - Romance Witch Reviews  “Harris is a master at giving readers kick-ass intrigue mixed with heart-warming moments and she’s become my can’t-be-missed military romance author.” - Romantic Reads and Such on Dangerously HOT  “Once you start you are in for a roller coaster of a read!” - Twin Sisters Rockin’ Reviews  “Harris also does a fantastic job of weaving romance and suspense together effortlessly. It's never out of place or overbalances the other. It's this perfect combination that will have your heart pounding and then leave you panting.” - Dirty Girl Romance  “I was on the edge of my seat throughout the whole book. I could not put it down.” - Goodreads  “I felt every page.” - Goodreads  “I hate using those overused and often over the top statements like: “ This is the best book in the series so far” and “Lynn Raye Harris has done it again”. However... This is the best book in series and Lynn didn't just do it again, she somehow did it better.