Phoebe. Tiffany. Melissa. They all made one little mistake...  When twenty-five-year-old Phoebe Stiles opens the door to her perfect apartment she doesn’t realise it’s the mistake that will kill her…  The body of the beautiful English girl is discovered months later - dumped behind the back of a department store. But who was the stranger she let into the safety of her home?  As Detective Rachel Prince pieces together the mystery surrounding Phoebe’s death, another young, blonde girl is found brutally murdered and abandoned in the grounds of an old theatre.  In the most dangerous case of her career, Rachel must track down the faceless individual to stop the body count rising. But to uncover the shocking truth, Rachel has to put herself at risk… can she catch the twisted killer, before they catch her?  A gripping page-turner that will have you completely hooked until the utterly jaw-dropping twist. Fans of Angela Marsons, Peter James and Karin Slaughter will love this crime series, featuring unforgettable Detective Rachel Prince.   Why readers are gripped by the Detective Rachel Prince series:  ‘I was hooked from page one and couldn’t put it down until I’d reached the end. The twists and turns just keep coming… will have you gasping in surprise.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘One of those books you just can’t put down… stayed up until 2 am… a whirlwind of action which keeps you glued to the book.’ Goodreads Reviewer  ‘One of the BEST police procedural thrillers that I have read lately. From the start to the finish, it gripped and held me tight... I can't wait to see more of Rachel Prince.’ The Book Nurse, 5 stars  ‘Had me on the edge of my seat from start to finish. Jam packed with twists and turns… If you love crime and are as addicted to police procedurals as I am you will love this book!!!’Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Absolutely fantastic… had me hooked from page one and I tore through it as fast as I could… LOTS of red herrings and cliff-hangers. Just when I thought I’d worked it out, it turned and I had to start all over again. Rachel is a great female lead… such a fantastic book I would have no hesitation in recommending it.’ Stardust Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘My new favourite detective DI Rachel Prince… fast paced and the storyline had me hooked from the first page… I heartily recommend this book.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Fabulous, intriguing and thrilling! I couldn’t wait to find out the conclusion of this story! The plot kept me twisting and turning trying to figure out the real culprit! I enjoyed it a lot. Looking forward to reading more about Detective Prince.’ Goodreads Reviewer  ‘Wow!... I loved it… Rachel is gritty and determined… gripping… Couldn't put it down and really look forward to further books in this series.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars