One of PopSugar's Most Chilling Horror Books of 2018.One of Inquisitr's Best Horror Books of 2018.One of Ranker's 2018's Scariest Horror Books.One of BoredPanda's 7 Books That Scared Me Half to Death.#1 Amazon Best-Seller in U.S. Horror New Releases.Welcome to Cabin Green, where the setting is familiar, but the story is completely unexpected. A terrifying slow-burn that combines the literary Gothic prose of Shirley Jackson, Ambrose Bierce, &amp; Thomas Tryon with the "what's really real?" aspects of The Shining. Cabin Green has also been compared to the devastation of Hereditary and the socially progressive, ambiguous approach of Paul Tremblay.Going to Cabin Green alone after the death of his fiancée was Ben's first mistake. His second mistake was tempting fate by saying, "There's no such thing as an evil building." Now he's caught in a nightmare of his own making deep in the woods of Northern Michigan. Even worse, a family history of mental illness makes it impossible for him to know if the ghosts haunting the cabin are real or all in his head.This modern Gothic horror story takes the reader directly into Ben's hellish experience. Is he crazy? Is a ghost haunting him? The only way to find out is to make it to the end of this deep, dark thrill ride that's filled with more twists than a roller coaster.AWARDS:TOP VOTE GETTER: Best Horror/Suspense - The Kindle Book Review (TKBR) Reader's Choice Awards 2018. RUNNER-UP: Best Overall Book of 2018 - TKBR Reader's Choice Awards SEMIFINALIST: TKBR's 2018 Jury Award for Best Horror/Suspense Content Warning: Contains gore, sex, profanity, &amp; deeply disturbing psychological themes. This isn't a fluffy horror story; it's true, descriptive Gothic horror that's emblematic of the destructive nature of grief &amp; also contains societal/political/religious critiques. For mature readers only. Inspired by a real-life, spooky green cabin in Northern Michigan that's so well-hidden it can't be found by GPS! This book also contains a disturbing section that was inspired by real-life events."A spectacular read...absolutely gripping. I couldn't force myself to put it down." - The Horror Report."Takes [the] standard genre template &amp; turns it upside-down...with a literary approach that combines modern &amp; mid-twentieth century techniques." - The Inquisitr."A haunting tale." - PopSugar.