THE CURTAIN – A NOVEL SYNOPSIS:Have you met Henry Maddox? He knows you — not personally of course… he really only knows your data. But from that data he actually may know you better than you think you know yourself. Henry knows where you’ve been and what you’ve bought. He knows all of your friends. Henry not only knows your behaviors, he understands your tendencies. And from those tendencies, he can predict what you’re going to do before you’ve actually done it. Who is Henry Maddox? He is a 21st century marketing consultant and he specializes in highly personal and irresistibly persuasive advertising. Henry’s strategies combine modern data mining (Big Data) techniques with other advanced and controversial marketing practices (Market Fragmentation, Cross Promotion, and Conglomerate Propagandizing) to the point where consumers don’t even know their being sold. Businesses love Henry because he not only moves product, he actually controls their customers. But when Henry is forced to face how his techniques affect real people, he realizes he has inadvertently given corporations the power to destroy society for their own ends.THE CURTAIN explores the effect that increasingly sophisticated marketing techniques have on communities, families, and individuals. In an age of digital distractions, who remembers the transcendent morality that has allowed past civilizations to prosper? When corporations have the influence and motive to define people by what they consume, are we as individuals losing the substance of who we really are?THE CURTAIN is entertaining, fun, thought provoking, educational, and frightening. Ord’s storytelling is brilliant and his research extraordinary. THE CURTAIN is a must read for anyone that watches television or movies, listens to the radio, accesses the internet, logs into social media, has a smart phone, participates in loyalty card programs, or uses GPS technology. In short, THE CURTAIN is for everyone.THE CURTAIN – A NOVEL ON AUDIO:THE CURTAIN’s Audio book (available at Audible.com, Amazon, and iTunes) features the talents of acclaimed narrator RC BRAY. RC has performed Off-Broadway in NYC, at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in Scotland, and many stages in between. He has narrated countless audio books and voiced numerous radio and television commercials for the likes of Prudential, Scott Towels, Target, and Panasonic. He has even lent his voice talents for The Biography Channel (Bio), A&amp;E, CNBC, and others. As RC will tell you, however, he is particularly proud of his work on THE CURTAIN.