Obtain Your Heart's Greatest Desires by Embracing Your Universal PowerThe universe wants you to achieve everything you desire in life, and with this practical book's guidance, you can. Believe and Receive is a powerful reference book that examines forty natural laws of the universe through a realistic approach. These natural laws can be used to help you see the opportunities in any situation and work with intention toward your goals.Melissa Alvarez dedicates a chapter to each natural law, providing description and history, an associated affirmation, useful application tips, and try-it-now exercises. Believe and Receive makes it easy to work with the laws and understand how they connect you to the universe. Once you learn how to properly combine your thoughts, feelings, beliefs, and expectations with positive energy, you'll grow spiritually and live a successful, abundant life.Praise: "An inspired book brimming with practical application. Universal, spiritual laws can work in our favor, or against us, and Melissa Alvarez shows us how to make them work for us, every time." --Nathalie W. Herrman, author of The Art of Good Habits"What distinguishes Believe anod Receive from the many laws of attraction books is its spiritual underpinnings . . . It is a wonderful blend of Divine inspiration and down-to-earth, practical application."--Susan Wisehart, MS, LMFT, psychotherapist and author of Soul Visioning"Melissa Alvarez shows you how to integrate spiritual laws and principles into easy daily practice for immediate and long-term results. Stop struggling and start living!"--Rosemary Ellen Guiley, author of Guide to Psychic Power"A comprehensive yet easy to understand guidebook . . . Align your life with these forty spiritual principles and watch as your life spins from ordinary to exceptional. Keep this easy to follow reference guide close at hand."--Della Temple, award-winning author of Tame Your Inner Critic and Walking in Grace with Grief"An inspired book brimming with practical application. Universal spiritual laws can work in our favor, or against us, and Melissa Alvarez shows us how to make them work for us, every time."--Nathalie W. Herrman, author of The Art of Good Habits