 Assigned to St. Clement's Church in an inner-city borough just outside Hackney in London, Reverend Annabelle Dixon brings an enthusiasm and drive to her clerical position that baffles her mentor, Father John, but which soon gains her fans and admiration. Annabelle is not your typical vicar, but her strengths prove to serve her, and those around her, very well.  When Annabelle plans to meet her longtime friend, Sister Mary, a Catholic nun visiting from West Africa, at a local café, little does she know that she will soon find herself embroiled in a mystery of deadly design. Their meeting place is awash with horror, with Sister Mary standing in the middle, shaking, her hand over her mouth and a dead woman at her feet.  Armed only with a note, a disappearing dart, vague hints, and a love of cake, this quick-thinking, quick-footed holy woman must gather the clues, pacify a detective, and find the real perpetrator before both she and her friend wind up in jail.  Part Sherlock, part Father Dowling, Annabelle is a new kind of detective – one who sees the truth in the most unlikely places. If you love solving puzzles, then this suspense-filled, endearing, cozy mystery is just for you. Enjoy following our amateur sleuth as she careers around London. It will have you guessing until the very end!   Included in this book are recipes for:  – Cherishable Cherry Blossom Cupcakes – Cherubic Chocolate Caramel Bars – Jubilicious Jam Turnovers – Teresa's Surprise Cake   Interview with the Creator of the Series  Q – So, what makes the Reverend Annabelle Dixon series special?  A – Annabelle. When I set out to write these books, I wanted to create a series that featured a heart-warming, smart, sometimes ditzy, ultimately good protagonist that we all undisputedly adore. It is Annabelle – her humanity, her empathy, her big heart – who makes the series so special. With her sometimes partner, sometimes antagonist, Inspector Mike Nicholls, they create some fun and drama as the small town mysteries unfold with humor and intrigue.  If you enjoy the TV series', The Vicar of Dibley, Miranda, or Midsomer Murders, I think you will enjoy the Reverend Annabelle cozy mysteries.  Q – In what order should I read the books?  A – The Reverend Annabelle Dixon cozy mysteries can be read, and enjoyed, in any order. The prequel, Death at the Café is set in London and takes place a few years before the rest in the series. All the books are complete mysteries.  If you do want to read them in order, I'd suggest the following sequence:  – Death at the Café (prequel) – Murder at the Mansion – Body in the Woods (coming soon)  Q – Why should readers give these books a try?  A – Because the Reverend Annabelle series is a gentle, but colorful romp through the beautiful English countryside in a place that is picturesque and peaceful on the outside but one filled with amoral and snobbish eccentrics with all kinds of vices on the inside.  Annabelle is a fun, uncomplicated character who is soulful, devout, smart, and funny with penchant for cake. Both Jamie and I are English and we feature many English countryside rituals, institutions and customs in these stories.