“The Yin &amp; Yang of an Electrical Conductor” by Jose Scaramanga weaves scientific theories into an absorbing speculative sci-fi novella alive with characters and a story line that will both engross readers and stimulate contemplation long after the book is finished.In each interaction, lively discussions revolving around science, especially physics, ensue. Each “teacher” that the narrator encounters has something to share from their perspectives, which makes for some lively discussions.“The Yin &amp; Yang of an Electrical Conductor” truly made my mind whirl. In spite of being novella-sized, it is not a fast read because there are many layers to this story. So many forgotten scientific terms reemerged into my existence. Not having had a science class in twenty-five years had me Googling some terms and names to refresh my memory, including wave particle duality; Newtonian Law; velocity-spatial distribution of time; the speed of light; Minkowski space time; Michelson-Morley experiment; Max Planck and Andre Ampere who features heavily in the story. Fresh out of Physics in college would have been an advantage for reading this, but I must admit, I enjoyed refreshing my brain. I feel much smarter now and less intimidated about sitting at lunch with my colleagues who are physics professors!Jose Scaramanga has a gift for being able to create scenes in his story that will enable the reader to feel like they are seeing the story rather than reading it. In fact, I will remember “The Yin &amp; Yang of an Electrical Conductor” as a movie, rather than a book. In spite of the heavy scientific jargon, the scenes are well described and the characters incredibly unique and enjoyable. The author does a great job of blending science into a science fiction story. I also am really intrigued how the author manages to tie physics in with the philosophy of Yin and Yang. Readers who are fans of both science and science fiction, especially stories with humor, will really appreciate this creative work of fiction.