Inventive, empathetic, and strange in all the best ways, The Spinner of Dreams draws from the author’s own experiences to create a story that feels timeless and universal. As she did in her debut The Land of Yesterday, K. A. Reynolds thoughtfully explores mental health and crafts an adventure that fits right alongside middle grade classics like The Phantom Tollbooth.Annalise Meriwether—though kind, smart, and curious—is terribly lonely.Cursed at birth by the devious Fate Spinner, Annalise has always lived a solitary life with her loving parents. She does her best to ignore the cruel townsfolk of her desolate town—but the black mark on her hand won’t be ignored.Not when the monster living within it, which seems to have an agenda of its own, grows more unpredictable each day.There’s only one way for Annalise to rid herself of her curse: to enter the Labyrinth of Fate and Dreams and defeat the Fate Spinner. So despite her anxiety, Annalise sets out to undo the curse that’s defined her—and to show the world, and herself, exactly who she is inside. “With this haunting, wildly-imaginative, deeply-felt fairy tale, K.A. Reynolds proves to be a gifted dream spinner herself. A testament to the power of hope, determination, and of having a magical cat on your side.” (Anne Ursu, author of The Lost Girl) “A magnificent and fantastical journey expertly woven with magic, imagination, and hope. Reynolds gently draws the reader to a place where fragile dreams are realized, where broken hearts are made whole. Readers will be utterly captivated.” (J.C. Cervantes, New York Times bestselling author of The Storm Runner)"Utterly thrilling and achingly poignant, The Spinner of Dreams positively brims with magic, mystery, and poetry. This is the kind of book I needed when I was eleven years old: the type that proves that girls can fight their demons and win." (Hayley Chewins, author of The Turnaway Girls)"Adventurous readers of all ages will fall in love with this tale of hope, courage, and friendship. Readers who are looking for a nonromantic, quest-centric fantasy will appreciate the relationship that Annalise forges with Mister Edwards, a three-legged fox who guides and encourages Annalise as she follows her dream. VERDICT Highly recommended; a great title for middle grade book clubs and school and public libraries." --School Library Journal*Praise for The Land of Yesterday: “Told with riveting language, this is a poignant tale that will resonate with readers of all ages and leave them reeling from such an emotional, gorgeous story.” (Roshani Chokshi, New York Times bestselling author of Aru Shah and the End of Time)“From its first words, The Land of Yesterday has the pure crystal ring of a classic, like The Little Prince or The Phantom Tollbooth—beautiful, unique, and shimmering with truth. It’s a balm for grief, and a bursting fantastical joy of a story.” (Laini Taylor, New York Times bestselling author of Strange the Dreamer Laini Taylor, New York Times bestselling author of Strange the Dreamer)“Richly imagined, creative, and entertaining.” (School Library Journal) 