Fans of Ruthie Knox, Rachel Gibson, and Molly O’Keefe will love this deeply romantic and uplifting debut novel about losing everything you thought you wanted—and getting exactly what you need. Sophie Richards has been looking forward to a much-needed girls’ night out: a Rolling Stones tribute-band concert, a few drinks, a distraction from her grueling nursing shifts in acute care. But when her best friend bails, Sophie gets stuck with a blind date. Although Brett Nicholson may be the hottest carpenter alive, and Sophie may technically be single, she isn’t exactly on the market. Six years ago she found The One. He was everything Sophie dreamed a man could be—and then she lost him. In an instant, her whole life changed, and she forgot all about happily ever after. But as she gets to know Brett, Sophie starts to wonder about the future for the first time. With a broken heart still clouding her mind, jumping into a new relationship feels impossible. When she’s in his arms, walking away feels even harder. Now Sophie faces an impossible choice: living in the past or choosing love in the here and now. Advance praise for Can’t Always Get What You Want “Can’t Always Get What You Want is heart-wrenching in all the right ways. Smartly written and emotionally satisfying, this story will stick with you long after the last page.”—USA Today bestselling author Lauren Layne“A sweet, moving story about love and loss, Chelsey Krause’s debut is full of heart.”—Clodagh Murphy, author of Girl in a Spin“Can’t Always Get What You Want is a delightful mix of humor, heart, and the struggle to move on from past grief. I am definitely looking forward to more books by Chelsey Krause!”—Mary Frame, author of Imperfect Chemistry“This is a funny, heartfelt story about moving on, a touching debut from a very promising author. Romance lovers looking for both a giggle and a cry will get what they need from Can’t Always Get What You Want.”—Stephanie Pegler, editor, Chicklit Club  “Very romantic . . . I loved this book mainly for Sophie trying to figure out that everyone deserves a second chance at feeling loved again. . . . [I] can’t wait for more from Chelsey Krause.”—Reviews by MelenaIncludes a special message from the editor, as well as an excerpt from another Loveswept title.