CONTENT WARNING: Due to adult sexual situations and language, this novel may not be appropriate for readers under 18.If you are looking for an intense, passionate love so wrong it is right, a story about losing your way but clawing desperately at any chance to find your way back, about hanging on to your last shred of sanity and trusting someone enough to let go of your fears, look no further. No One's Angel's angel is a New Adult (NA) Contemporary Romance about a girl learning to fight back and a boy learning to let go. Tess used to spend more hours than she'd care to admit playing her favorite computer game, using the nickname Angel. She could pretend her life was different, and she could pretend Arion was just a friend. But a girl needs more to keep her warm at night than pixels, and she traded her virtual heaven for a real-life hell. Now she's on the run from a past she won't talk about, and the only place she has to go is the doorstep of the friend she's never actually met.When Angel disappeared from their nightly games, it nearly destroyed Arion. He threw himself into work and women, but he can't help knowing the one-night stands will never compare to the angel who haunts his dreams. At first, when she shows up soaking wet and scared-shitless on his doorstep, he thinks his prayers have been answered.But the more Arion tries to keep Angel close, the more her fear drives her away. If they are ever going to have a chance for a future, they'll first have to deal with the past that hasn't forgotten her any more than she's forgotten it--and Arion will have to learn how to let her go.Read an excerpt:Arion reaches for my hand but catches only air. I freeze. And then Ishiver. Without the warmth of the blankets, I remember I'm notwearing anything but his shirt, and given the look he's giving menow, I'm not the only one who's noticed. That expression I canread just fine."You aren't going anywhere, Angel."I suck in a sharp breath, hearing his words in someone else'svoice.But I did. I'm here. I left.My eyes dart around the room like a moth fluttering against a light.My pile of clothes, which should have been by the door, is missing."Did you take my clothes?" The tightening in my chest makes mywords breathless. I try to tell myself not to panic, but that'slike telling a dog not to wag its tail. Acknowledging it only makesit worse. I gulp for more air as my head starts to spin."Would only seem fair. After all, you took mine." His tone istense, but beneath it I can hear his familiar teasing. I try to tellmyself I don't have to be afraid. This is Arion. The one person Itrust. I know him.But I don't, and to tell myself otherwise is a lie.If he wants his freaking shirt he can have it. I've got to get outof here. My fingers begin undoing the buttons without me reallythinking about it, and then I'm shrugging my shoulders free.His eyes go from warm pools of interest to sexy oceans of desire inthe time it takes me to remember I don't even have a bra on.I manage to catch the shirt just before it falls away from my hips,and I quickly wrap it around me, covering myself. I tilt my chintoward him defiantly, daring him to say or do anything even as I wantto beg him to let me go. At the same time I want to beg him to pullme close. My emotion is a giant see-saw, and I'm tottering on theedge with him in the middle. If he takes one step toward me, it willtip the balance.