Fans of Milly Johnson and Phillipa Ashley, the Cosy Kettle café is waiting for you to find a comfy spot by the fire and snuggle up with a steaming mug of hot chocolate. Amidst the twinkling lights and falling snowflakes, Becca has a wish to make this Christmas…  Running from heartbreak, twenty-five-year-old Becca has moved to the cosy village of Honeyford. Living with her best friend Zac in a little stone cottage, and serving mince pies and steaming gingerbread lattes at the Cosy Kettle, is the perfect escape from her past.  But starting over isn’t always plain sailing, and Becca’s shyness is holding her back from making her mark on the café. To make matters worse, her crush on blond-haired, blue-eyed local heartthrob Logan gets stronger by the day – but he can barely remember her name. So as the snow starts to fall in Honeyford, Becca has one big Christmas wish: to completely reinvent herself. Becca dreams of bringing the Cosy Kettle success and finding romance with Logan under the mistletoe.  As she gets a makeover, cosies up to Logan over mulled wine and plans the most festive celebration the café has ever seen, Becca wonders why she waited so long to step out of her comfort zone… Zac, on the other hand, thought she was perfect before – always caring for others – and he misses the quirky girl with the bright blue hair.  When Logan turns out to not be all he seems, Becca is left wondering if he’s really the one for her. With her party plans also going awry, can Becca save her beloved Cosy Kettle in time for Christmas? And has the key to her happiness been in front of her all along?  Readers have fallen in love with the Cosy Kettle books:  ‘Oh my heart… a must read… I am absolutely blown away with how much I loved and enjoyed it…. A well-deserved five stars… Highly recommend. I actually devoured most of this book in a day, I couldn’t put it down.’ Between the Pages Book Club, 5 stars  ‘This is bloody fantastic!!... I completely and utterly fell in love with this story… one of those that you can’t put down… fantastic… will give you all the feels and will have you laughing out loud… Absolutely 100% recommended by me!!’ Curled Up with a Good Book, 5 stars  ‘So many funny parts that I found myself laughing all the way through! It is a definite page turner and I literally could not put it down once I started it!… a delight to read… Fabulous!! Highly recommended!’ Stardust Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘What an absolutely brilliant book, it has everything you could possibly want… I fell in love with this book from the very beginning. It is the perfect book to brighten your day… heartwarming and totally laugh-out-loud funny… you can’t help smiling when you’re reading it.’ MrsCsHonestBookReviews, 5 stars  ‘I loved this book… brilliant characters… a page-turner from the start… warm, charming