When the body of troubled teenager Elodie Duncan is pulled from the river in Abbeyford, the case is at first assumed to be a straightforward suicide. Detective Sergeant Kate Redman is shocked to discover that she’d met the victim the night before her death, introduced by Kate’s younger brother Jay. As the case develops, it becomes clear that Elodie was murdered. A talented young musician, Elodie had been keeping some strange company and was hiding her own dark secrets.As the list of suspects begin to grow, so do the questions. What is the significance of the painting Elodie modelled for? Who is the man who was seen with her on the night of her death? Is there any connection with another student’s death at the exclusive musical college that Elodie attended?As Kate and her partner Detective Sergeant Mark Olbeck attempt to unravel the mystery, the dark undercurrents of the case threaten those whom Kate holds most dear…Requiem (A Kate Redman mystery) is the new novel from crime writer Celina Grace, author of Hushabye (A Kate Redman Mystery), Lost Girls and The House on Fever Street.Praise for The Kate Redman Mysteries from Amazon and Goodreads reviewers:“One of the best I have read this year. I read about a fourth of the book early in the day, then at bedtime, I thought I would read a bit more before sleep. I finished the book at 5:20 AM. Just could not put it down.”“At last, a mystery that delivers…I found this novel superb because I got all I needed to know and none of what I didn’t.” “…a gripping detective story but the main character engages you, and as well as wanting to know how the mystery turns out you want to learn more about her too.”“…amazing book, read it front to back in one visit, couldn`t help myself…”“…the most enjoyable Kindle book I have so far read since the 'low cost electronic revolution' which has been sweeping my reading habits for the last couple of years! Thoroughly recommended.”“This was my introduction to the author, and I'm so glad I discovered the book. Well-written and a real page turner.”