1st Place Winner in Category: Chatelaine Awards Romantic FictionAustenprose Readers’ Choice: Top 5 Books of the Year*In this thrilling and sensual adaptation of the classic love story, Elizabeth Bennet and the citizens of Hertfordshire know Fitzwilliam Darcy to be a proud, unpleasant sort of man, but they never suspect the dark secret of his true nature. He is not a man at all – but a vampire.When the haughty and wealthy Fitzwilliam Darcy arrives in the rural county of Hertfordshire, he finds he cannot control his attraction to Elizabeth Bennet – a horrifying thought because, as she is too far below his social standing to ignite his heart, he fears she must appeal to the dark impulses he struggles to suppress.Set against the vivid backdrop of historical Regency England, this adaptation of Pride and Prejudice follows the cursed Mr. Darcy as he endeavours to overcome both his love and his bloodlust for Miss Elizabeth Bennet. Although Pulse and Prejudice adheres to the original plot and style of the Jane Austen classic, it is not a “mash-up” but an imaginative, thrilling variation told primarily from Mr. Darcy’s point of view as he descends into the seedier side of London and introduces Elizabeth to a world of passion and the paranormal she never knew existed.Pulse and Prejudice has been meticulously researched for historical accuracy and remains faithful to nineteenth century literary conventions and Miss Austen’s narrative. The author spent fifteen months traveling to Britain and researching Regency England, as well as vampire lore and literature. In the few instances in which the plots overlap, excerpts from canon have been expertly woven in so that prior knowledge of Pride and Prejudice is not required for full enjoyment of this remarkable novel.“What would Jane Austen have thought? I think she would have loved this book. She might even have written it herself had she lived in a less constrained age.” Books Are Cool“Darcy’s demise and subsequent ‘rebirth’ are written to perfection. It has renewed my faith in the sub-genre.” Reflections of a Book Addict“I cannot express enough how skeptical I was upon starting this book. Pride and Prejudice with a touch of vampires was enough to send me into fits of eye rolls. But, within only the first chapter, I found myself strangely drawn to the story. The vampire Darcy weaves his spell quickly.” Austenprose*2012