
  From USA Today and #1 Amazon bestselling author Jeremy Bates comes the second book in the all-new WORLD'S SCARIEST LEGENDS series.
In 1954, at the start of the Cold War, the Soviet military offered four political prisoners their freedom if they participated in an experiment requiring them to remain awake for fourteen days while under the influence of a powerful stimulant gas. The prisoners ultimately reverted to murder, self-mutilation, and madness. None survived.In 2018, Dr. Roy Wallis, an esteemed psychology professor at UC Berkeley, is attempting to recreate the same experiment during the summer break in a soon-to-be demolished building on campus. He and two student assistants share an eight-hour rotational schedule to observe their young Australian test subjects around the clock.What begins innocently enough, however, morphs into a nightmare beyond description that no one could have imagined--with, perhaps, the exception of Dr. Roy Wallis himself.
  Praise for Jeremy Bates:
"A master storyteller!" ★★★★★"Best book I've read to date" ★★★★★"Old-school horror story reminiscent of Stephen King" ★★★★★"Perfect for Laymon fans!" ★★★★★"Definitely recommend to all fans of modern horror" ★★★★★"Any Stephen King or Dean Koontz fan will love it" ★★★★★"I sort of fell into Jeremy Bates by accident, and I'm so glad I did. He's one of my new favorite writers, and I urge everyone to check him out" ★★★★★"The most chilling book I’ve ever read!" ★★★★★"Definitely gave me chills reading this late at night which hasn't happened since I was a 13-year-old teenager reading Stephen King's It for the first time" ★★★★★"Absolutely loved this book" ★★★★★"Non-stop adrenaline rush from beginning to end" ★★★★★"I was hooked from the first page!" ★★★★★"Binge-worthy!" ★★★★★"I had to stop reading at certain points because he was freaking me out. That only happens to me with one other writer - Stephen King" ★★★★★"This is one of the best books I have ever read!" ★★★★★"A very juicy, scary ride" ★★★★★"Suicide Forest is up there with Joe Hill's Heart Shaped Box" ★★★★★"Scariest book I've ever read" ★★★★★"Huge fan of Mr Bates! You won't be disappointed" ★★★★★"Edge-of-my-seat experience! I felt I was indeed living the horror" ★★★★★"Page-turner with a twist! I was hanging on to every word!" ★★★★★"I found it rivaling some of Stephen King's