West is a pest and Gabriel is cold and uncaring. Gabriel doesn't think West can give him what he wants in life, and West doesn't think someone as standoffish as Gabriel could ever want the things that he wants. It's funny what a little communication can do.Gabriel ToddI'm a tough, no-nonsense chief of police of Purdy Nebraska. With all the craziness in my town, I don't have time for wild, snarky FBI agents who happened to have perfect skin, a beautifully chiseled face, and a gorgeous body. The truth is, I'm looking to settle down, and all that could come from riding this wave of attraction for the annoying, sometimes funny FBI agent is a one-night stand or a fling at the most. There is no way this twenty-something human is ready to settle down and mate. Unfortunately, I can't seem to stay away. I have no idea why I need to be in his presence all the time… until I taste him.West DyerSeeing all the mated couples around me and the new babies, I'm starting to get a little bit of the family fever. I want the type of happiness that I see when I look at my friends and their mates, but the one man who makes me feel like the world is tipping on its side, is a standoffish, cold tiger shifter, who can barely stand people, much less someone like me. But when I do something… A little naughty, who do you think is right there all up in my business? And how the hell did one night, a kidnapping, and a case of poisoning, change everything?Warning: Mpreg elements!Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::