Carter Benson  Being sold to men who were intent on basically auctioning me off into sexual slavery isn't the worst thing I've been through, but getting into that would mean talking about revenge and things better left forgotten. And you just didn't tell the gorgeous FBI agent who rescued you from a life of popping out pups at a near constant rate that you did something so bad, you should actually be sitting in prison making shanks out of hardened mashed potatoes and a spork? Especially when he turns out to be your mate. But, how do you start a relationship with something that big hanging over it like a black cloud? You don't. And that's why I can't have this gorgeous man who brings out things in me I haven't seen since my mom was still alive and my life was normal.  Harley Daniels  Going to Carter Benson's house to question his roommate about his disappearance is both a happy revelation and a terrifying one, because as soon as I smell the scent coming off of the items in the young chosen's room, I know he's my mate. How am I(he of zero filter) supposed to take care a a traumatized mate without making things worth? Getting him out is the easy part, convincing him to trust me is not. Neither is convincing him not to run scared because my job is dangerous and I’m the first person he’s allowed himself to care about in years. As we grow closer, he teaches me to be happy with who I am, and I remind him how to feel. How do I get my fierce little protector to see how much we need each other and to stop sweating the little sh*t?  Warning: Mpreg elements!  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::