In the adrenaline-laced new novel of suspense from Tom Savage—hailed by Michael Connelly as “a master of the high-speed thriller”—an American actress in Europe races to find the truth behind her husband’s mysterious accident. What she uncovers makes her the target of a shocking conspiracy.   Nora Baron’s life is perfect. She lives on Long Island Sound, teaches acting at a local university, and has a loving family. Then one phone call changes everything. She’s informed that her husband, Jeff, has died in a car crash while on a business trip in England. Nora flies to London to identify the body, which the police have listed as a “John Doe.” When she leaves the morgue, a man tries to steal her purse containing Jeff’s personal effects. Clearly, all is not as it seems.   At her hotel, Nora receives a cryptic message that leaves her with more questions than answers. She follows the message’s instructions to France, where a fatal encounter transforms her into a fugitive. Wanted for murder, on the run in a shadowy landscape of lies, secrets, and sudden violence, Mrs. “John Doe” must play the role of a lifetime to stay one step ahead of a ruthless enemy with deadly plans for her—and for the world.Advance praise for Mrs. John Doe
   
 “This is a rare spy thriller, smart, beautifully written, and stay-up-all-night enjoyable!”—Gayle Lynds, New York Times bestselling author of The Assassins   “It isn’t easy to blindside a fellow suspense author, but Tom Savage manages to fool me every time. A clever, compelling, and cinematic page-turner in which nothing is as it seems, Mrs. John Doe opens with a twist I didn’t see coming and closes with a satisfying bang. This longtime Savage fan ranks Mrs. John Doe right up there with Precipice.”—Wendy Corsi Staub, New York Times bestselling author of The Black Widow   “Tom Savage’s Mrs. John Doe races a fictional path somewhere between Alfred Hitchcock and Agatha Christie, a modern heroine-on-the-run spy thriller dealing with some of our time’s deadliest challenges.”—James Grady, New York Times bestselling author of Last Days of the Condor  Praise for Tom Savage  “Savage knows the mystery novel inside and out, and it shows on every page.”—James Patterson   “A master of the high-speed thriller.”—Michael Connelly   “A very gifted writer who creates living, breathing characters, wonderful dialogue, and mesmerizing tension.”—Nelson DeMille   “Savage writes with fierce energy, piercing holes in the shredding fabric of our society, where no one is safe, no one is free from harm.”—Lorenzo Carcaterra