Jilted at the altar by a philandering good-for-nothing, Coral Ellis wished she has heeded her friends’ warnings. The poor girl is left ashamed to face people’s looks and comments.  When the chance to move west and marry Thomas Winters as a mail order bride presents itself, it looks like the perfect escape route, but will Thomas turn out to be what he claims? Will he be as weak a man as Richard was, or will he be the strong, dependable husband that Coral longs for?  When a fragment of map almost leads Thomas to his death both a forced to consider what's really worth fighting for.   Interview With The Author   What kind of stories do you enjoy writing?  My favorites are Clean Romance short stories, especially Mail Order Bride. I love writing historical Western romance novellas and short stories. I also write a cozy mystery or two. They are such fun!  Your books often contain an element of faith as well as clean romance and love. Is that important to you as a writer?  Yes, my faith is important to me, and as an author clean Christian western romance is my heart passion. I love being able to tell a story, be it an American mail order brides series, a Mail Order bride and babies tale, or a historical western romance novella, and at the same time bring a positive message of hope, faith and love to uplift readers.  Are all of your stories Clean reads?  Yes, every story I write is clean and wholesome, and I find that language and sex free Mail Order Bride books are just as good as those that include such things. I don't think that offensive elements are necessary to tell a great story, and I always ensure that I write great Christian Western romance free of anything that might compromise my readers in any way. The main thing for me is always the story, and the characters. A great plot is what makes a story worth reading.  Where do your brides and their stories come from?  Mail Order Brides of the west, east or sometimes even foreign brides jump into my imagination every day, each telling their own special story! I have mail order brides of Texas, New York, even Liverpool, England. So many places, so many tales to tell. I get an idea for a book or a series and when I begin to write the stories often take on a life all of their own. Just like my readers, I am often on the edge of my seat eagerly waiting to find out what will happen next! I even have a few Mail Order Husbands cooking. :)  What would you like to say to your readers?  Just two short words. Thank you! I think many authors take their readers for granted, but without you there would be no stories. A story only really comes alive in the hand of a reader. My readers are the reason I write, the reason I can tell my tales. Without them, well, there would be no story to tell. Every email I receive, every review that is left - every one of them means so much to me.  Why should a new reader pick up one of your books?  If you enjoy clean Christian Western romance and mail order bride romance free from smutty themes; if you love great romantic stories full of surprises; if you love delightful characters and happy endings, any Terri Grace book will be thoroughly enjoyable for you.  Is your Historical Western Romance Kindle Unlimited eligible?  As I mentioned just now, my readers are the most important thing in the world to me. That is why all of my Mail Order Bride and Cozy Mystery books are part of the Kindle Unlimited program.