Escape to the daisy-strewn windswept Dorset cliffs, to the donkey sanctuary at Sweet Briar Farm, where Hattie Rose is about to find, that in this world, the most unlikely opposites can sometimes attract …  Hattie was once thrilled to call the beautiful city of Paris her home. But when her heart is broken by her boyfriend and she loses her dream job, she bids farewell to the city of love and hurries home to Gillypuddle, a sleepy village on the Dorset coast. But as she returns home she finds her parents struggling to cope with a terrible family tragedy.  In a desperate search for a new start, Hattie takes a job at the donkey sanctuary nearby on Sweet Briar Farm where Jo, the taciturn owner, certainly loves her animals far more than humans. Hattie can’t help but fall in love with the donkeys (and the opportunity to get close to dreamy Canadian vet Seth) but Jo is harder to get to know and when she finds her boss sobbing in her sleep one stormy night, she knows that her new friend is hiding a dark secret.  And when handsome newspaper reporter Owen does some digging into Jo’s past he finds something that connects her to Hattie on a whole new level. Can Hattie trust what Owen says, especially when he seems intent on standing in the way of her blossoming romance with Seth? And can Hattie help Jo to start healing and the donkeys of Sweet Briar Farm?  A beautiful story that will melt the hardest of hearts. If you love Jenny Colgan, Lucy Diamond and Josie Silver you will be enchanted by this life-affirming read that reminds you that home is wherever the people you love are.   Readers can’t resist Tilly Tennant’s writing:   ‘An absolute gem! … Spellbinding! … totally addictive reading … an enchanting tale that will fill you full of emotions and set your pulse racing … truly amazing’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Absolutely stunning … you instantly get drawn into the story … I couldn't put it down. It's heart-warming and will leave you with that warm fuzzy feeling. A beautiful novel!’ The Cosiest Corner, 5 stars  ‘I was hooked … I just love it … Gave me a warm feeling inside and it’s full of heart, passion and love, just perfect!’ Simona’s Corner of Dreams, 5 stars  ‘Bloody brilliant … I loved being back with the characters … Oh I just enjoyed everything about it!’ 5 Stars – I Love Reading  ‘I loved every minute of it … I was glued to my Kindle for a few days that's for sure! ... A really brilliant read that will leave you hooked even after a few pages’ The Cosiest Corner, 5 stars  ‘I absolutely loved it. The story weaves together a tale of love, friendship, trust, desire and so much more. I will be reading more by this talented author.’ Haven’t Got a Clue