This omnibus edition includes thousands of pages of non-stop action, unexpected twists, and breathtaking set pieces with the world's most badass hero, Captain Sarah Stone. Includes full versions of SOFT TARGET, HOT ZONE, &amp; END PLAY. 
  SOFT TARGET
NOWHERE IS SAFE FROM EVIL... FROM THE BIGGEST CITIES...TO THE SMALLEST VILLAGEWhen an elderly suicide bomber strikes a quiet English village, a once proud nation is brought to its knees. Yet this first attack is just the start of something far greater and much much worse. An attack is coming that no one could have predicted. The days to follow will determine if the United Kingdom has a future, or if it will be reduced to anarchy and ashes. Only one person has a chance to halt the impending terror attacks--damaged ex-solider Captain Sarah Stone. Sarah despises her own country for what it did to her, and that’s what makes it so hard when she is forced to save it, but when an old enemy takes credit for the attacks, her thirst for vengeance forces her to take action. SOFT TARGET is the first in a series of books featuring acerbic heroine Captain Sarah Stone and the Major Crimes Unit. It is a non-stop action thriller in the same style of Jack Reacher, Tom Clancy, and 24. 
  HOT ZONE
Sarah Stone is missing.The terrorism threat in the UK is growing day by day. MCU agent Howard Hopkins is heading to White Knight Hospital. Not because he's sick, but because there's been an outbreak of an infectious disease. Somebody has intentionally released Ebola Virus and it's time for the Major Crimes Unit to act. If they fail, thousands will die painful, bloody deaths. This time, he'll have to save the day without his partner, Sarah, who has been missing for months. Eventually Sarah and Howard's paths will cross again, but they might not be on the same side. Both are looking for the same man-a psychotic doctor with a grudge against Western civilisation, who won't stop until Ebola, HIV, and Malaria are as much a threat in the United Kingdom and Europe as they are in the 3rd World. Iain Rob Wright breaks new ground in the non-stop action-thriller genre as he tops his previous book, Soft Target, with an even greater threat. A threat lodged in the current psyche of today's society. A book sure to thrill and frighten. 
  END PLAY
Old Nightmares and New Threats…Sarah Stone is finished. The last year of her life has seen her face madmen and terrorists that will haunt her forever. This case will be her last.The Flower Man is London’s worst ever serial killer, putting even Jack the Ripper to shame. Sarah can’t quit until she catches the monster and ensures no more innocent people are killed. A local tip off might just be the break she needs to find her man and get the job done for good.But Sarah doesn’t know that an even bigger monster from her past has just awoken, and that the City of London is about to be devastated by the worst attack in it's long and prestigious history. It’s already too late. If Sarah doesn’t end the killing now, it will end her. She has one chance to get her life back, but time is running out. This is her end play.
  Iain Rob Wright completes the first trilogy of Sarah Stone books with the biggest threat yet, bringing death and mayhem from all sides.
All 3 books in the adrenaline fuelled Sarah Stone trilogy by bestselling author Iain Rob Wright, all included in one great value boxset with 30% off versus buying the books individually.