At times in life, there are chance happenings that, when reflected upon, are revealed to be turning points – times when life changes and what we know, or what we think we know, is substantially altered. The words that follow are the simple expression of one of those times for me – a time that lasted for two years – a time of substantial spiritual growth.  I have come to know that messages come to us all. The question is not, “Do we receive messages?” Rather, the question is, “How do we receive them, and are we open to receiving them?” Whether they come in the form of a burning bush, a still small voice or, as in my case, a really sleepless night, the fact is that when we are ready to receive our message(s), the messenger will appear.  Seldom, if ever, was she seen - at least, that’s what I was told later. Where she lived was a mystery, as well. I’d never seen her, not in real life, but it was said that she would only appear when the one to which she wanted to speak was ready to listen. The locals said that the old woman from the mountain didn’t speak often, but when she spoke, her words were full of truth and wisdom.  Like an inner voice, the question was, Will I listen?  Something deep within the mountain was calling me, and I knew that this was an important time - a time to listen and learn. Something was speaking to me. Perhaps, this time, the voice was stronger. Perhaps, this time, I was ready to hear. But something deep within was calling me to be still and know.  “Who are you?”  The old woman from the mountain asked this simple question with a forceful kindness, as if summoning something that would come from deep within.  Before I could answer audibly, I felt the answer that I did not wish to speak: “I do not know.” I dare not say that, I thought as I tried to formulate my answer in my head. Surely I could define myself with…  “That’s correct. You do not know. Very good.” The journey had begun...and Message from the Mountain opens that precious door into a part of the unknown allowing all who enter an opportunity to awaken. Join me on that journey...  As I heard her last words, I knew that they wouldn’t be the last. From deep within my heart, I knew that the journey was really just beginning. The water droplet joined with the lake had just now crossed over the precipice, and the pace and power of the journey was rapidly picking up speed and momentum.  Flashing before my eyes were all those involved in the journey thus far – each knowing that they had played their integral part to get us to where we are right now. So the story has no end. Rather, from this moment forward, the journey continues into the spiritual unfolding of …