17 horror Stories. One legendary music venue. We all know the old cliché: Sex, drugs and rock and roll. Now, add demons, other dimensions, monsters, revenge, human sacrifice, and a dash of the truly inexplicable. This is the story of the (fictional) San Francisco music venue, The Shantyman.In Welcome to the Show, seventeen of today's hottest writers of horror and dark fiction come together in devilish harmony to trace The Shantyman's history from its disturbing birth through its apocalyptic encore.Featuring stories by Brian Keene, John Skipp, Mary SanGiovanni, Robert Ford, Max Booth III, Glenn Rolfe, Matt Hayward, Bryan Smith, Matt Serafini, Kelli Owen, Jonathan Janz, Patrick Lacey, Adam Cesare, Alan M Clark, Somer Canon, Rachel Autumn Deering and Jeff Strand.Compiled by Matt Hayward. Edited by Doug Murano.Bring your curiosity, but leave your inhibitions at the door. The show is about to begin…TOC: 
   Alan M Clark – What Sort of Rube 
   Jonathan Janz – Night and Day and in Between 
   John Skipp – In the Winter of No Love 
   Patrick Lacey – Wolf with Diamond Eyes 
   Bryan Smith – Pilgrimage 
   Rachel Autumn Deering – A Tongue like Fire 
   Glenn Rolfe – Master of Beyond 
   Matt Hayward – Dark Stage 
   Kelli Owen – Open Mic Night 
   Matt Serafini – Beat on the Past 
   Max Booth III – True Starmen 
   Somer Canon – Just to be Seen 
   Jeff Strand – Parody 
   Robert Ford – Ascending 
   Adam Cesare – The Southern Thing 
   Brian Keene – Running Free 
   Mary SanGiovanni – We Sang in Darkness 
 Proudly represented by Crystal Lake Publishing—Tales from the Darkest Depths. Interview with compiler Matt Hayward:What makes this horror anthology so special?A: The book is as much an anthology as it is a collaborative novel. Each story explores the history of the Shantyman, a haunted music venue located in San Francisco with a long and bloody past. With the likes of John Skipp, Brian Keene, and Rachel Autumn Deering involved, we not only see the venue change throughout the decades, but also from changing perspectives, everything from psychological horror to extreme horror, and even a splash of comedy.  Q: Tell us more about the venue and the history of the building?The Shantyman's history is the product of author/illustrator Alan M Clark. Alan usually tackles historical horror, and I wouldn't have chosen anyone else to take on the task. What Alan delivered was a seven-thousand-word horror juggernaut set in San Francisco’s gold rush era, involving a traveling singer who gets shanghaied. I won't ruin any surprises, but there are cannibals. Alan sets the gruesome scene from which every other story stems.Q: What made you think of this theme for the anthology?A: About a year ago, I attended a comedy show at a famous music venue here in Dublin. The main room was seated, and the audience rather docile.