' All hail the new king of the bonkbuster.'The Sun  Lovers and liars, divas and sinners, welcome to a world of scandal, where one woman will pay the ultimate price.  SUSPENSE: Georgia’s best friend, ballroom dancing sensation Mitzi, has vanished with boyfriend Foster while on holiday in California. Can Georgia get to the truth of their disappearance before it’s too late?  SECRETS: Reality TV star Nova could give the Kardashians a run for their money. But while she allows millions of viewers into her fabulous home, she’s unaware what her husband, celebrity mogul Jacob, is up to behind closed doors …  SEX: Tanya is filthy rich, married to a man who adores her but she is restless. And her sexual appetite is about to get her into a whole lot of trouble.  SCANDAL: Victoria, once the trophy-wife, has lost her mojo. Determined to get her life and marriage back on track, she’s desperate to inject some excitement in her life – but at what cost?  From the glitz of Hollywood to the glamour of Milan and the exotic luxury of India, Scandalous Lies is a deliciously unputdownable read.  ‘Nigel May is king of the blockbuster, he has written an addictive, sexy story that builds into a fabulous crescendo that left me gasping for breath at all the revelations that were suddenly being revealed. This book really does contain all the "s"'s! Suspense, Secrets, Sex, Scandal, Superb writing, Sensational reveals but no sand! …The perfect read for a hot summers day, especially if by a pool, so you can take a dip when the action gets a bit too hot for you. And I could have done with that pool while reading Scandalous Lies.’ Rachel’s Random Reads  ‘Nigel May has written another smut-tastic masterpiece! Scandalous Lies is a page turner with more twists and turns than a roller coaster. Ritzy locations, glamourous people and deceit all come into play in this novel and the result makes it a terrific beach read.’ Fluff, Smutt and Murder  ‘An addictive story filled with sex, lies, twist, turns and a true rollercoaster ride. I was totally engrossed in this book. If you are like me and celebrity gossip is your guilty pleasure!’ Steph and Chris’s Book Review  ‘Scandalous Lies has everything you could ever want from a book and then some…a truly engrossing and multi-layered story within…full of exotic and glamorous locations making it the perfect book to escape into this summer. Your own holiday will look quite tame in comparison.’ Book Addict Shaun  ‘A racy book set in various luxurious settings.Scandals and secrets abound and keep you reading until the end.’ Bookworms and Shutterbugs  ‘This is a perfect summer read...Elegant and chic…it captures imagination and Nigel May is my new guilty pleasure.’ Postcard Reviews  'Perfect to inject some heat into your summer hols reading.'New! Magazine   Read what everyone is saying about Nigel May…  ‘Packed full of sauciness, darkness and intrigue...If you're looking for a sexy, racy, riotous read for your sun lounger this summer, this is the perfect choice.