MANSERVANT - I just wanted an easy summer job… That didn’t happen. Now, I’m in a living nightmare as I work alongside this monster of a man with mesmerizing emerald eyes that look at me inappropriately every time I see him. To add insult to injury, he has a tan I just want to lick, and a butt worth drooling over every time he purposefully walks by me. But, he's an asshat, and looks are everything. I mean, aren't. LOOKS. ARE. NOT. EVERYTHING. Why do I have to keep reminding myself of this? His job is to clean, cook, and tend to the house we work in. That's why I call him the manservant. Oh, and because it drives him nuts. That's what he gets for torturing me.   MAN FLU - I was trying to live every woman's dream, except my reality has been nothing but a nightmare job and a divorce at the age of thirty-two. Just when I thought things couldn't get any worse, my ex-husband, Rick, moved in next door with his life-size Barbie doll. So, that's been fun. Then, life pitched me a curve-ball in the form of a retired major-league baseball player, Logan Grier. With his panty-dropping smile, he’s like an expertly photoshopped version of David Beckham, and he's single. Could life be perfect after all? Of course not. As always, there had to be a catch. Logan had a secret, and I couldn’t help feeling like the truth was dangling right in front of my face. Meanwhile, the “man flu” has come out of nowhere and hit both Logan and Rick with a virus they’re claiming to be worse than childbirth. In fact, they’re pretty sure their end is near.   MAN HANDLER - I’m a Boston girl through and through, but when I was given an ultimatum that would determine whether I’d have income or not, I opted for the option with a roof over my head. The only problem was, I had to move down to a small town in South Carolina, leaving behind the only place I’ve ever called home.  Some may not consider my move to be a big deal, but it turns out that having a big mouth and being mildly impatient isn’t quite acceptable in small town. In other words, I pretty much stick out like a sore thumb, which is great when unknowingly attracting the most eligible bachelor in town.  There’s nothing quite like being mistaken for a damsel in distress and fainting in this man’s arms ... then saying a whole bunch of stupid things I’d regret later. Thankfully, Austin isn’t like the other kind-natured locals; he’s a little dirty, kind of arrogant, and a way too good-looking for his own good. In fact, we’re a bit like-minded with our attitudes, which causes a futile encounter that leads to a pair of handcuffs in a restaurant.  MAN BUNS - I got out of the Marine Corps to give my daughter a better life. I’m a strong and capable single dad. I got this, right? Not so much. The one thing my daughter wants is the hardest to find—a mom. It’s not like they’re selling hot intelligent women at Walmart these days, and with the amount of baggage I’m carrying around, I might be out of luck. Yeah, so. We moved from Oahu to Maui. I needed a job, a place to live, and to get us settled. I thought it would be simple, but let’s just say ... mistakes have been made.    · Mistake #1:  I took the first job I was offered. (Should’ve probably asked a couple more questions about the required uniform.) · Mistake #2: I flirted with Kai, the first attractive woman who crossed my path. (So far out of my league she might as well be a Hawaiian princess.) ·Mistake #3: I fell head over heels for that woman. (See Mistake #2.) Now I’m standing here showing my butt—no, literally.