God’s biggest assignments have always been entrusted to those leading a small tribe. From the twelve families of Israel to early Christians who met in one another’s homes, great leaders begin by serving a core group of people who ripple outward for ever-extending social and spiritual impact. They go big by leading small.Today, leaders don’t fail because they lack vision. They fail because they neglect their tribe. It could be a father losing sight of his family, a lead pastor failing to leverage the strengths of his staff, or a small group coordinator ignoring a tiny but important process.Tribal Church helps pastors recognize the potential and power of various tribes within their congregations—one family, a network of small groups, maybe an entire age group—and then recalibrate ministry efforts to maximize the impact of each. Steve Stroope has spent three decades mastering the art of leading small in a church that has multiplied from dozens to over ten thousand. He explains why big impact does not come from any sort of mega-church ambition. It rather comes by attending to the little details and the smallest tribes.Endorsements:"Steve Stroope has done us a favor by collecting three decades of experience into one book. One glance at the manuscript and I thought of a dozen uses for it.  First, it will strengthen my leadership skills. I can envision our leadership team reading it as a group.  Seminaries should tap into its wisdom. Thank you, Steve, for living out an example of godly leadership."Max Lucado, pastor and best-selling author"Steve Stroope is one of the finest pastor-leaders of our generation. In his candid look at Lake Pointe Church's first 30 years, Steve shares helpful insight, wisdom, and practical experience that can help churches become more fruitful in fulfilling Christ's Great Commission. With a heart for local and global missions, Steve has modeled leadership methods that have been tested in the modern church world and can be great tools for equipping leaders in the days ahead."Bryant Wright, senior pastor, Johnson Ferry Baptist Church of Marietta, GA, and president of the Southern Baptist Convention"Steve Stroope is one of the most quietly influential voices in the growth and robustness of American Christianity.  He is a collector of good ideas, what he calls 'little things,' the small but essential acts that cumulatively demonstrate the character of Christ in American church leadership. This book is by a leader I admire."Bob Buford, founder of Leadership Network and author of Halftime and Finishing Well"I've known Steve for 15 years and he's the real deal. His life and leadership inspires me and so does the tribe of Lake Pointe Church. The straightforward, practical wisdom in this book will recalibrate any leader and any church at any stage of the game."Bill Hybels, senior pastor, Willow Creek Community Church"Steve Stroope is more than knowledgeable about leadership and ministry. He is wise. He leads with strategic skill, discernment, and intuition. Every conversation with Steve has marked me and impacted my ministry; therefore, I am eager to read anything he writes."Eric Geiger, acting vice president, Church Resources Division, LifeWay Christian Resources"Steve Stroope is the wisest and most effective pastor I know! This book is a treasure chest of godly wisdom for church leaders. Steve gives us an inside look at the actual tools and methods he's used to lead Lake Pointe from a handful of people to a thriving and healthy multi-site church of thousands. Every pastor needs this book in their library."Nelson Searcy, lead pastor, The Journey Church