As a child, Faye Morgan was always an outsider, shunned for the ancient and powerful magic that runs through her veins.  Ever since she was a little girl, growing up in the village of Abercolme on the wild coast of Scotland, Faye Morgan’s life has been steeped in the old ways – witchcraft, herbal lore and a blood connection to the dangerous and unpredictable world of Faerie.  But magic is both a gift and a burden, and Faye has more than paid the price of living between two worlds. Neither accepted by the villagers, nor welcome in the Faerie Kingdom of Murias after rebuffing the fickle and attractive Faerie warrior king, Finn Beatha, Faye runs from Abercolme, hoping to leave that life behind.  However, even in the twisted, cobbled streets of London, Faye finds her blood bond with Faerie won’t be broken. A Faerie War of the Elements is brewing and, though she doesn’t yet know it, Faye is fated to play a terrible part. If she is to survive, she must learn to embrace her own dark power and face Finn Beatha once more… but in doing so Faye will discover secrets in her own past that never should have been disturbed.  A gripping, magical, action-packed novel, perfect for fans of K.F. Breene's Natural Witch, Shannon Mayer and Laini Taylor.   What readers are saying about Anna McKerrow…  ‘A sexy and intoxicating novel… The battle between light and dark played out in very magical way for Faye that kept me on the edge of my seat… cast its own spell upon me, leaving me wanting more and more.’ The Luminessence, 5 stars  ‘I was hooked… there is so much in this story and before you know it, you too will be sucked into the world of Faerie and all the vivid descriptions and magical elements, that you won't want the story to end.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘The chemistry between the characters is palpable and sparks fly… There is a mystery to the way the story unravels and it takes you for a ride you won’t soon forget. I’d recommend this book to anyone who enjoys some paranormal fun.’ Up All Night with Books  ‘A fantasy romance based on Celtic lore. This book is a captivating, well-written dark fairy tale that I devoured in one sitting.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘A warm story of magic and witchcraft… The plot twists and turns and takes a few detours to get to the ending.... A very enjoyable read!!!’ Tonya’s Book Reviews  ‘Sexy fairies, witchcraft, elemental magic, folklore, witchy grannies... the driving energy of the tale comes from the main character's journey… a story about a woman stepping into her own power.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘The perfect book to read on a rainy day – a dreamy escape from the mundane world into one darker, sexier, and a lot more dangerous… Laced with magic and sensuality… I can't wait for the second instalment.’ Melinda Salisbury  ‘I loved the melding of fae, witch, and magic lore and life. A well-told tale.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘A magical, romantic novel about three friends who work a spell from the family grimoire to find their true loves… Really enjoyed this