Sarai was willing to throw it all away for what she thought was love. Even she didn't know why. All she knew was that her feelings were in deep. However, there was a price to pay. Her friendship with Brooklyn, her relationship with Pandora's Box...both gone.  At the root of it all was Erik Warren.  Readers will remember Erik Warren from Installment I of the Pandora's Box series. He was a cheater then, and he's a cheater now. However, Sarai doesn't know that, and throws all of what she previously knew about him on the back burner.  But she will soon learn.  There are more surprises for Sarai's life as the story unfolds. A past she had long left, comes to surface, and leaves her in an emotional tailspin.  With everything piling on, Sarai is forced to re-examine herself, and her past actions so that she can confront...and possibly undue what has been done.  ***THE SERIES*** All short stories of no more than 25k that are meant to be similar to "episodes"... each one telling a different story.  Installment I : The Color of Lies Introducing Brooklyn Kellogg and her agency, Pandora's Box  Installment II : What Lies beneath the Surface A mother's love is what takes Sherry Laguna in to see Brooklyn. She feels her daughter is being deceived by the man she has given her life and heart to. When suspicions are confirmed, chaos ensues, and in the crossfire, one person will not make it out. Twists, turns, and unexpected life changes.  Installment III: Best Kept Secrets: The Beauty of Lies Elena Kendrick has the perfect guy and he wants to get married. However, his friends have "suggested" that he have his future wife checked out before taking the big leap. Reluctantly he does so because he feels that since she accepted a contract assignment, things have changed slightly in their relationship. Enter, Pandora's Box in search of the truth.  Installment IV: Crooked Lies At the end of installment III, Brooklyn found out that Sarai was involved with Erik Warren, a previous client's husband. It goes against the code of conduct, and when Sarai is confronted, a friendship hangs in the balance. However, Sarai has become emotionally invested in Erik, and against all odds she enters a journey of what she hopes to turn into love. However, keep in mind that this is someone who was on the other end of a suspicious significant other, when Sarai first encountered him...