Graham Ross The night of my seventeenth birthday, I finally told my best friend I was gay…and he left town, not returning for a year and a half. A year and a half of short communications via social media and zero information on why he'd left. But deep down, I'd always known I'd run him off. Somehow, he knew that being gay wasn't the only secret I was keeping from him. I was also madly in love with him. Now, Witt is back and trying to pick up where we left off. The only problem is, I still have those feelings for him and I'm terrified when he finds out, he'll just leave like last time. I don't know if I can open myself up to feeling that kind of pain again because the year and a half that he spent away from me was almost more than I could handle, and the pain never got easier. Witt Turner Graham had been my best friend since he walked through the doors of that boys home, a toe-headed little hellion who looked like he was ready to pick a fight with the first person to breathe on him wrong. There had always been that pull to be in his presence and I'd only started fighting it when I realized it wasn't just a pull to be his friend. When the beast in of me started pushing me to claim what wasn't ready to be claimed, I knew I needed to find out more about myself and what these urges were about. I hadn't planned on staying away, but once the truth started to unwind, I knew I had to learn to get myself under control before I could go back and claim my mate. Following him to Purdy is just another step to proving that I'm back for good, but it turns out to be one of the best things either of us has ever done when we both learn about chosen and find out the significance of Graham's gorgeous mark on his thigh. Unfortunately, I'm not the only one who followed Graham to Purdy and another man's unhealthy obsession means my plans to infiltrate my mate's life might need to be stepped up when I have to act as bodyguard to keep Graham safe. The only question is, will Graham appreciate the effort or have I already ruined my chances with the only man I've ever wanted? Warning: Mpreg elements! Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama. Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::