Trinity follows the lives of three rich, beautiful and glamorous women who think that the bond of friendship between them will last for eternity. But life has an unpleasant way of upsetting their harmonious existence and making even the best of friends turn on each other. Gossip queen Anoushka Silvers must face up to the fact that she is the daughter her abusive father never wanted. Her relentless ambition to be top of her game and prove herself to her family means that she will stop at nothing to dish the dirt on the celebrity world to try and earn respect. But when her bitchy tongue gains her death threats and the unwanted attention of a stalker, it could be Anoushka who is making the headlines. Plus when the ultimate shocking glory-grabbing story means betraying one of her closest friends, will she choose her own professional gain over those she says she loves?For actress Evie Merchant, her childhood dreams of becoming the world’s hottest movie star are just about to come true. But a string of loveless, hurtful liaisons with lovers solely out to use her fame has made Evie uncertain about her future. And with Oscar day looming, Evie’s biggest prize of all could be torn from her by the revelation of a terrible secret from her past. Can she keep the fact that she sacrificed her own baby to follow her dreams hidden from the outside world?Wild child Regan Phoenix has never felt loved. She’s had to cope with her soap star mother’s disinterest all her life and has never known who her father is. A loveless childhood has made Regan search for quick-fix highs from drink, drugs and meaningless sex. But when the opportunity of starring in her own reality show comes along, Regan grabs it with both hands, hoping to put her trashy past behind her. But will worldwide fame in her own right finally make her mother notice her and help Regan get to the bottom of her real parentage? Or will she succumb to the temptations that life puts in front of her and blow her chances for good?From fashionable London to glitzy Los Angeles and from the decadence of Venice to the sun-drenched beaches of Muscat, Trinity takes you on an unforgettable journey which proves that not everyone can end up living happily ever after.PRAISE FOR TRINITY'Sex and scandal abound in this full-throttle thrill-ride through the hidden lives of the mega-rich. Trinity sizzles with bitchery, bling and betrayal, and is the perfect accompaniment to your sunlounger this summer'VICTORIA FOX, author of Wicked Ambition, Temptation Island and Hollywood Sinners'Trinity is so much fun. A great summer bonkbuster'TASMINA PERRY, author of Private Lives, Kiss Heaven Goodbye, Perfect Strangers'Opening Trinity is like biting into a very indulgent, rich, rare chocolate, it's naughty but my word you enjoy every bite. Each chapter serves a delicious helping of glamour, secrets, and intrigue. It really is like reading into the secret life behind the glamorous exterior of starlets, the “well connected” and their families. I love the diverse backdrops of Hollywood, England, new money and reality TV. Each of the three main characters are so brilliantly bought to life and anyone who reads this story will know or identify with the different aspects of these fabulous women - so real and rounded to the point that I wonder if Nigel has drawn from life experience and knowledge. It's been a while since I have gasped as I come to the end of page or chapter in a book but this is exactly what I did many times throughout Trinity. I thoroughly blame Nigel May for my lack of sleep while delving into the lives of Anoushka, Evie and Regan. It’s also rare that a book can make you laugh out loud but Trinity did just this. I adore Nigel’s stream of conscious writing mixed with a wicked humour throughout every single page.'GENEVIEVE NI REAMOINN, TV Presenter and Journalist