Everybody has the right to build a business from anywhere and design a lifestyle they love. That’s what this book will teach you to do. If you’ve always thought that having the freedom to do what you want when you want was just a pipe dream, then think again. Right now there is more opportunity than ever to •	Package and sell your knowledge and skills to earn enough to work and live anywhere •	Build a profitable online business from just your laptop and smartphone •	Use online tools, social media and outsourcing to increase to give you more time, money and freedom •	Travel the world for less and experience the joys of minimalism •	Live life on your own terms and create your ideal lifestyle. This book will teach you the nuts and bolts of setting up an online business you love and give you the blueprint to create your ideal lifestyle and create freedom in business and adventure in life. If you’ve always thought that running a profitable business from your laptop, and having the freedom to do what you want when you want was just a pipe dream, then think again. After 8 years of working in the bureaucracy of the corporate world, Natalie Sisson quit her high-paying job to fly to Canada, start a blog and cofound a technology company. In just 18 whirlwind months she learned how to build an online platform from scratch, and then left to start her own business, which involved flying to Argentina to eat empanadas, play Ultimate Frisbee and launch her first digital product. Strike forward to now and she runs a highly profitable business from her laptop, while living out of a suitcase, and making money teaching others how to build a business and lifestyle they love. If you’re just starting out, this book will show you how to package and sell your knowledge and skills, or those of others and build an online platform to earn enough to work and live anywhere. If you’re an entrepreneur, this book will show you how to establish your business online, reach a global audience and build a virtual team to give you more time, money and freedom. This is a practical guide to learn what it takes to be a digital nomad and develop the freedom-based mindset to truly live life on your own terms. If you’re prepared to put in the work, hustle and commitment it takes, then there is no better time than now to choose your own adventure and make it a reality.