This is an alternate cover edition for B01HG10BM2 Can you call it an office romance if we've never actually met?Sara has a kick-ass life. She has loyal friends, works from home, and sets her own hours as a virtual assistant. Perfect...Except that Sara doesn't actually exist. She's just a borrowed name I use when I'm hiding behind my computer screen. But pretending to be someone else is the only way I can earn enough to make up for the mistake I made and the lives I ruined. If I hadn't typed my new boss' name into that search engine, none of this would be happening. I wouldn't want to know anything about his personal life, and I would do a quick change of the subject if he ever asked about mine. I could do my job without worrying if all those outside-of-normal-business-hours texts and chats seem like two sarcastic people talking or like two sarcastic people flirting. I would've kept imagining Hayden looked the same way I pictured all my other clients--late fifties/early sixties, a little soft around the middle, and a lot more forehead than hair. I couldn't have been more wrong. Seriously, how many VPs look like they go model underwear after leaving the office? Damn it, if I'd never found out what an amazing man Hayden is, I wouldn't want to cry every time he calls me Sara. But hey, that's life, right? And nobody's life is perfect.Actually...My life is pretty damn perfect. I'm married to a beautiful woman, live in a luxury apartment, and am prepped to take over the multi-billion-dollar company my father built. Perfect...Except that all of it is a lie.My wife is madly in love with someone else, my career is meaningless, and I forgot how to live, let alone be happy. But when I hired a new assistant online, it finally occurred to me that life wasn't meant to be endured. It was meant to be lived. Without Sara, I never would've known what it feels like to be happy or to want someone this badly.It's unimaginably stupid to fall for someone at work, but I can't seem to stop it from happening. Sara's the best assistant I've ever had, the most interesting person I've ever spoken with, and the most beautiful woman I've ever known.I'd give up everything I have to be with her, and I still have no idea what she looks like. That has to change. I've never felt like this about anyone, and I'm out of patience. I need to be in a room with her, to touch her to see if she's real. Unfortunately, the only way to get what I want is for a lot of good people to lose everything they have.***There is no cheating in this novel. Hayden is far too noble a man to hurt and disrespect a woman like that. Trust me, you'll understand when you read the book.******standalone contemporary romance/romantic comedy (no cliffhanger)***Now Available...Deeper Water (Once and Forever #3) - Get a look into Carson and Laney's after happily-ever-after and be there for Hayden and Andi's island wedding!Virtually Impossible is Hayden and Andi's story, and this is how their fairytale begins:Once upon a time there was a woman who made the mistake of trusting the wrong man. And that mistake led to another. And another and another, each more damaging than the last. But the woman was as ignorant of her mistakes as she was of the damage they caused. Until she was punished for them.Around the same time, but in a totally separate part of the city, lived a noble man and his beautiful wife. Though their castle was the envy of all, its empty halls echoed of loneliness and regret. For the man had lived his entire life asleep, and both of them remained silent of who they truly were and what they truly wanted.And then one day, the woman entered the man's life and forced him to awaken...