6 Sizzling Authors . . . 6 Ways to Surrender.WARNING: The stories in this collection are hot and sexy, and some are even off-the-charts erotic with mature themes and elements.SURRENDER Box Set is FREE to download and features stories by these best-selling authors: Erika Wilde, Liliana Hart, Juliana Stone, M. Malone, Cherise Sinclair and Jasinda Wilder!BOOK DESCRIPTIONS:The Awakening (The Marriage Diaries, Vol. 1) by Erika WildeAfter nearly twenty years of marriage, Jillian Noble is ready to put some spice back into her sex life with her gorgeous husband, Dean. After seducing him at his office, Jillian reveals what she wants, and her husband is more than happy to oblige. Erotic fantasies are fulfilled, and forbidden passions surface as they open themselves up to a provocative world where boundaries are pushed to the limit and pleasure is the ultimate goal.Dane by Liliana HartBad boy, Dane MacKenzie, is coming home to Surrender, Montana. It’s been ten years since he left the woman he loved behind to make a name for himself, and now he’s bound and determined to claim her once and for all.Offside by Juliana StoneWhen hockey phenom Billie-Jo Barker returns home and decides to play in the local Friday night hockey league, all hell breaks loose. Not because Billie's talent is in question, but because Billie is a woman. And though these are modern times, some of the local guys still have a problem letting a girl into their 'men's club.'Teasing Trent by M. MaloneThe only thing Trent's best friend has ever asked of him is to keep an eye on his twin sister while he's deployed. Keeping her company on her birthday shouldn't be too hard. He just has to remember the promise he made to himself in college to keep his hands off her.Club Shadowlands by Cherise SinclairHer car disabled during a tropical storm, Jessica Randall discovers the isolated house where she's sheltering is a private bondage club. At first shocked, she soon becomes aroused watching the interactions between the Doms and their subs. But she's a professional woman--an accountant--and surely isn't a submissive . . . is she?Delilah's Diary #1: A Sexy Journey by Jasinda WilderI've always been a good girl. I grew up in a small town, dated my high school sweetheart all the way through college, and married him. I even waited until our wedding night for my first time. Finding my husband in bed with the church secretary came as quite a shock. Finding out he'd slept with just about every female in town was an even bigger shock. Discovering those dirty little secrets is what sent me on a journey that I will never forget.