Foreword Reviews' Gold Medal winner INDIEFAB Book of the Year Award for Travel"Best Travel Book" and "Best Book Cover"—North American Book Awards Honorable Mention from the San Francisco Book Festival Awards. I would have preferred a Dishonorable Mention—much spicier!From licking a Monet in Paris, to pushing an abusive macho honeymooner off his sailboat in the shark-infested Galapagos, to saving her toddler son from a charging bull elephant in Africa, these delightful tales will inspire readers to follow the call of a wild life and leave home with their doors unlocked. The fourteen original tales in "Wild Life" Include many of Alpine's award-winning stories: "Fish Trader Ray" recipient of the Best Travel Story of the Year; "Rada's Bloom" winner of Best Character Solas Gold; and "Trumpets of Warning" for Best Animal Encounter. "Lisa's love of travel and her fierce determination to push all boundaries, takes the reader with her on a thoughtful, fun and fearless journey. Lisa opens herself and the reader to the world and explores with courage, the physical world around her and the philosophical world within."—Maureen Wheeler, founder Lonely Planet "When you’re hitchhiking about in foreign lands, whether in France, Morocco, or perhaps New Zealand, it helps—as California-girl Lisa Alpine discovered—to be "young, blond, persistent, and female.” And to get along, once you’ve reached an approximate destination in hardscrabble exotica, you should be friendly, fearless, and sometimes counter intuitively trusting. There is daring, humor, and even a bit of Eros in the fourteen stories that span her life from the innocence of eighteen, when she was struck with wanderlust, into middle age. "I am a woman who wanders and wonders and writes,” she explains. And what wandering there’s been, beginning in Paris, where she tasted art by licking a Monet. In Vienna, she asked an old woman, who turned out to be a survivor of Auschwitz, where she might find cheap lodging and ended up as the woman’s house guest. She met the chauffeur of Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones in Switzerland and was offered a job babysitting Richards’s two children, but after witnessing a temper tantrum by Richards’s live-in girlfriend, declined and took a job as a bartender, offering free drinks in order to get her slave-driving boss, who held her passport as ransom, to fire her. She had the sort of inevitable adventure that tests us all, coping with her mother’s dementia before her death on Mother’s Day, 2011. In a bittersweet way, it was probably her most admirable adventure of all." —Foreword Reviews"Lisa Alpine is a wild woman, whose stories really are not only funny and heartfelt, but encouraging: go farther, travel deeper, and know yourself better." —Amy Gigi Alexander, writer "Lisa Alpine’s winning title tells much about her personal timeline, and the bestiary of good, bad, ugly or rare characters encountered in these sometimes breathless pages."—David Downie, author of Paris to the Pyrenees and A Passion for Paris"These stories transport the reader to exotic places all over the world yet encapsulate iconic moments in an American life that any woman will recognize. From quirky teenager to adventurous mother, Alpine's audacity shocks us in a way that makes us wish we had been following in her footsteps all these years. Lisa Alpine is an unabashed combination of Graham Greene and Isadora Duncan with runaway stories that are charming and disheveled snapshots of an unapologetically wild life." —Carla King, Misadventures Media "I never tire of talking to Lisa Alpine about her exploits, adventures, and fascinating life. She has carved a path that is an inspiration to any free-spirited, or secretly free-spirited, woman." —Constance Hale, author of "Vex, Hex, Smash, Smooch" and "Sin and Syntax" "Lisa's stories are not only packed with the humor and adventure that comes from being a solo woman traveler, but also filled with compassion that cuts to the core of what travel is all about-a deep connection to a people and place found when we shed our protective armor and remember we are all human." Kimberley Lovato, author of "Walnut Wine and Truffle Grove""