Transform your life using the Bullet Journal Method, the revolutionary organisational system and worldwide phenomenon.In his long-awaited first book, Ryder Carroll, the creator of the enormously popular Bullet Journal® organisational system, explains how to use his method to: • Track the past: using nothing more than a pen and paper, create a clear, comprehensive, and organised record of your thoughts and goals. • Order the present: find daily calm by prioritising and minimising your workload and tackling your to-do list in a more mindful and productive way. • Design the future: establish and appraise your short-term and long-term goals, plan more complex projects simply and effectively, and live your life with meaning and purpose.Like many of us, Ryder Carroll tried everything to get organised — countless apps, systems, planners, you name it. Nothing really worked. Then he invented his own simple system that required only pen and paper, which he found both effective and calming. He shared his method with a few friends, and before long he had a worldwide viral movement. Hundreds of thousands of Bullet Journal fans now spread the word and read Ryder's blog and newsletter.The system combines elements of a wishlist, a to-do list, and a diary. It makes it easy to get thoughts out of your head (an unreliable witness) and onto paper, to see them clearly and decide what to do about them. It helps you identify what matters, and set goals accordingly. By breaking long-term goals into small actionable steps, users map out an approachable path towards continual improvement, allowing them to stay focused despite the crush of incoming demands.But this is much more than a time management book. It's also a manifesto for what Ryder calls "intentional living:" making sure that your beliefs and actions align. Even if you already use a Bullet Journal®, this book gives you new exercises to become more calm and focused, new insights on how to prioritise well, and a new awareness of the power of analogue tools in a digital world.