"I do not wish to argue that the doctrines of Jesus, they and they alone, have degraded the world to its present condition. I take it that Christianity is not only the cause but the symptom of slavery. There were slaves in Rome, of course, even under the republic. But it was only through Paul that the slime found tongue, and uttered its agony and blasphemy. Now, through the steady growth of altruism pari-passu with the Gospel that advocates it, the world is come to such a pass that the canaille is throned."—Aleister Crowley"This long, almost epic poem/play is one of the most bitter and vicious diatribes against Christianity that I have ever read. Especially the preface written by Crowley also. Crowley's hatred of Christianity was not a blind unreasoned prejudicial emotion. It was indelibly rooted in his own personal experience, amplified and added to by extensive study and research all throughout his adult years. The basic cause of this undying hatred revolved around the Plymouth Brethren sect founded upon and dedicated to Biblical literalism. It was the religion of his boyhood, his parents having gone to fanatical extremes to ensure that he was a "good" Christian."—Israel RegardieThe World's Tragedy appears at a time when the fundamentalist movement has grown enormously in size and strength. I agree with Regardie that the force exhibited by this fanatical group is a sign of its final death pangs. However, a cancer patient can often take a long time to die and during this process can cause much damage to family and resources. It is no accident that this book appears now. The time is ripe for a small counterweight to be placed on the scales. While I do not believe that it will remove the darkness which overshadows our world at this time, I do feel it will shed some light on the causes of the bleak threatening sky. If its effect is nothing more that the posting of a bivouac then I believe that Crowley and Regardie have served us again. The World's Tragedy is an inditement, a just trial and execution in word and image of a religious-political system which has all but destroyed man's true nature, driving it to expressions of violence and self destruction. Crowley, himself, a victim of the hoax, could not say enough in expressing his pain, disgust and contempt."—Christopher S. Hyatt