Never has an unexpected guest caused such chaos!  Three couples take it in turns to host a monthly dinner party.  Beth, Sarah and Marie have been friends forever. Now they are grown up, with busy lives, busy husbands, busy kids… but they still find time to meet up over dinner once a month. A cosy, comfortable gathering of happy couples - or so they thought.  Until one night, someone brings along a last-minute guest whose wife has just left him.  Simon is standing on the doorstep in floods of tears. While the women do their best to console him, their husbands feel the need to mark their territory.  And as Simon becomes more involved with the group, his presence changes everything these three couples thought they knew about each other, leading to a final dinner party that no-one will ever forget.  From Amazon chart bestseller Tracy Bloom, Dinner Party is a funny and moving read that will make you see your marriage and friendships in a whole new light… and make you think twice about inviting your best mates round for dinner. Perfect for fans of Marian Keyes, Nick Spalding and Gill Sims.   
  Readers love Tracy Bloom!
  ‘Laugh-out-loud funny… brilliant reading and I couldn't put it down … I loved every minute of it.’ The Cosiest Corner  ‘I absolutely loved it, I laughed my head off at so many parts it is soooo hilarious … so many laugh-out-loud moments right the way throughout the book that keep you hooked … fabulous.’ Jessica’s Book Biz  'Laugh-out-loud moments throughout... worth the read just for the giggles.' Carrie's Book Reviews  ‘Hilarious, I constantly laughed out loud… Great fun and highly recommended.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘Had me laughing out loud and gave me proper tears of laughter, definitely a book I’m recommending – 5 stars from me!!’ Donna’s Book Blog, 5 stars  ‘A moving, funny and absolutely memorable novel which will stay with you long after you finish reading.’ Rebecca’s Reviews  ‘Uplifting, life-affirming, and most of all funny!... had me crying tears of absolute joy… beautifully written.’ Bee Reads