Leanne Vogel, the voice behind the highly acclaimed website Healthful Pursuit, brings an entirely new approach to achieving health, healing, weight loss, and happiness through a keto-adapted lifestyle with The Keto Diet: The Complete Guide to a High-Fat Diet.  For too long we’ve blamed dietary fat for weight gain and health problems. The truth is, a diet that’s high in natural, healthy fats can actually help your body burn fat! That’s the secret behind the ketogenic diet. As you get more of your calories from healthy fats and cut back on carbs, you’ll start burning fat, losing weight, and feeling strong and energetic—without feeling hungry or deprived.  The Keto Diet does away with the “one size fits all” philosophy offering a customizable approach that is tailored to the unique needs of the individual. Leanne provides the tools to empower everyone to develop a personalized nutrition plan, offering limitless options while taking away the many restrictions of a traditional ketogenic diet.  A one-stop guide to the ketogenic way of eating, The Keto Diet shows you how to transition to and maintain a whole foods–based, paleo-friendly, ketogenic diet with a key focus on practical strategies—and tons of mouthwatering recipes. It includes: • Over 125 healthy and delicious whole-food recipes that will help your body burn fat, including:  
   Chicken Crisps 
   Bacon-Wrapped Mini Meatloaf’s 
   Keto Sandwich Bread 
   Waldorf-Stuffed Tomatoes 
   No Nuts! Granola with Clusters 
   Chicken Pot Pie 
   Chocolate-Covered Coffee Bites 
 • Five 28-day meal plans that walk you through a month of eating keto • Tools to make your high-fat life a breeze including guides for your favorite grocery stores, yes/no food lists, food sensitivity replacements, how to go dairy-free to reduce inflammation, and more.  The Keto Diet will help you gain energy, lose weight, improve your health, and turn you into the ultimate fat-burning machine—all without restricting or even counting calories. You’ll have all the tools you need to fall in love with your body and banish your fear of fat forever!