Longlisted The Man Booker Prize 2015'The Chimes is a remarkable debut. It's inventive, beautifully written, and completely absorbing. I highly recommend it.' — Kevin PowersA boy stands on the roadside on his way to London, alone in the rain.No memories, beyond what he can hold in his hands at any given moment.No directions, as written words have long since been forbidden.No parents – just a melody that tugs at him, a thread to follow. A song that says if he can just get to the capital, he may find some answers about what happened to them.The world around Simon sings, each movement a pulse of rhythm, each object weaving its own melody, music ringing in every drop of air.Welcome to the world of The Chimes. Here, life is orchestrated by a vast musical instrument that renders people unable to form new memories. The past is a mystery, each new day feels the same as the last, and before is blasphony.But slowly, inexplicably, Simon is beginning to remember. He emerges from sleep each morning with a pricking feeling, and sense there is something he urgently has to do. In the city Simon meets Lucien, who has a gift for hearing, some secrets of his own, and a theory about the danger lurking in Simon's past.A stunning debut composed of memory, music, love and freedom, The Chimes pulls you into a world that will captivate, enthral and inspire.'Smaill is a former musician with a book of poetry already to her name. The Chimes has strong echoes of both these influences as we're taken on a strange and lyrical journey through a dystopian England ... The intrinsic links between music and memory suffuse this dreamy narrative ... the idiosyncratic world [that] Smaill has lovingly created using melodic and musical syntax – her narrative style brimming with invention and nuance.' — The Big Issue'Atmospheric, intensely-imagined strangeness.' — The Daily Mail'Dystopian fiction but not quite as we know it ... Smaill's particular melodious inventiveness makes her story her own.' — The Independent'Cleverly orchestrated and poignantly conveyed throughout.' — The Guardian'SUPERB ... intriguing, ambitious and strikingly written.' — The Independent on Sunday'The novel is hypnotic, melancholic ... it builds to an incredibly tense and emotionally satisfying climax.' — Elle