AMAZON BEST SELLING BOOK ...'This is a fabulous read with so much to enjoy – a travel journal with real heart.' ...'Lisa has such an engaging way of writing that just pulls you in. It's hard to stop reading.'  Destination Dachshund offers a unique twist on the travel memoir with remembrance for those who have been loved and lost, at the heart of one family’s extraordinary journey through Turkey, Russia, the Baltics, Europe and the United States for Christmas in New York City.  With teenage children and in-laws in tow, the Fleetwood family embarks on their adventure just days after the tragic loss of their beloved dachshund, Coco.  When two miniature dachshunds in smart winter coats are spotted in Moscow, it’s game on! A riotous, often hilarious dachshund spotting competition for the lovable, long-bodied dog ensues across 15 countries.  This funny and heartfelt true story will resonate with travel and dog lovers alike as well as history and war buffs. Through the wonder of travel, this remarkable travelogue explores the bond of extended family, the abiding love we have for our pets and the grieving for loved ones, both human and hound.   Reviews 'What a wonderfully captivating read! Destination Dachshund is a humorous, yet moving memoir of a three generational family’s journey through Europe and the USA. As the family deal with the grief of death, there are moments that tugged at the heartstrings as well as a whole load of hilarious anecdotes, a bit of history and of course, the dachshund spotting! This book is a well-paced read and the rich descriptions captured the sights, smells and flavours of Christmas time in the northern hemisphere. We learn of the trials and tribulations of travelling with extended family, yet there are lots of special moments that make this book so complete. Destination Dachshund will make you want to grab your family and hug them tight…if only to make sure they don’t spot a dachshund!' -- 5 stars, Melissa, Sydney  'Destination Dachshund is a truly delightful read with many laugh out loud moments. And it isn't just a book about travel - even though the extraordinary array of travel experiences captured between the pages is epic. The author unpacks with warmth and humour the intricacies of family relationships, our love of pets, and the joys of travelling with dodgy-kneed grandparents. And then there's the hilarious dachshund spotting competition. I now find myself scanning walkways and parks for these spunky little dogs.' -- 5 stars, Vanessa, Sydney  'As a traveler, animal lover, mom, journalist, and voracious reader DESTINATION DACHSHUND really captivated my interest. Lisa's accounts of her family's travels, experiences, interactions, and feelings were all relatable. Sometimes humorous, sometimes sad, we as readers were introduced to all the family dynamics and the places traveled with a very descriptive, relatable writing style. Recommend the book to all who travel or who just like to read of travels.' -- 5 stars, Terri from San Diego  'A truly engaging read that is so much more than a travel memoir. Not only does Lisa take us on her 3 month trip of a life time- she also takes us into the heart of her family. While the Fleetwood's travel through Europe, they must also navigate their own grief. Destination Dachshund is a remarkable book- filled with honesty and humour, and the sights, smells and sounds of amazing locations. It will make you want to hug the ones you love, then book a flight somewhere!' -- 5 stars, Sharyn, Springwood  