This book is for anyone who is weary--who longs for rest but doesn't know how to make it a reality. Shelly Miller, a sought-after mentor on Sabbath-keeping, shows how even busy people can implement a rhythm of rest into their lives--from small windows of time to a whole morning or day. With encouraging stories from people in different stages in life, Miller shares practical advice for not only finding physical refreshment but also restoring your soul. You will learn:· Simple ways to be intentional about rest· Ideas for tuning out distractions and tuning in to God· How meals and other times with friends and family can be Sabbath experiencesSabbath is a gift from God to be embraced, not a spiritual hoop to jump through. Discover how genuine rest is possible today.Praise for Rhythms of Rest:"Into our culture of chronic tiredness comes a fresh voice in Shelly Miller. This book breaks all your preconceived notions about Sabbath. She makes rest not only obtainable but also the option you'll pick first from a full agenda."-Mark Batterson, New York Times bestselling author of The Circle Maker and lead pastor of National Community Church"Shelly Miller writes from her soul--one that has been seeking rest in the midst of heavy transition and the busyness of life. She shares with honesty and beauty what she has discovered. What you learn will help you love God more deeply."-Margaret Feinberg, author of Live Loved and Fight Back With Joy"I didn't realize how thirsty my soul was for rest until I read this stunning book. Shelly Miller has found a secret door that leads to true rest--a door discovered right in plain sight--and with exquisite prose, she invites you to walk inside. Don't miss this book."-Jennifer Dukes Lee, author of The Happiness Dare and Love Idol"Learning to practice Sabbath has been transformational in my life. It has led me out of striving and simply surviving into deeper grace, joy, and peace. Shelly Miller is extending an invitation straight from the heart of God himself that we all need more than ever in our busy world."-Holley Gerth, Wall Street Journal bestselling author of You're Already Amazing"For a generation fatigued by the abuse of hurry, Shelly Miller casts a hopeful vision of what life could look like if we learned to receive Sabbath as a gift rather than a rule. Rhythms of Rest offers a relieved exhale for the weary, worn-out soul. I'm deeply grateful for this message."-Emily P. Freeman, author of Simply Tuesday: Small-Moment Living in a Fast-Moving World"This book is a labor of love and a gift to all who desire deeper engagement with God's blessing of rest through Sabbath. Weaving personal story with scriptural insight, Shelly writes with a rhythm that gently guides your soul to slow down . . . notice . . . breathe . . . be. Through the years, Shelly has cultivated an online community of faithful friends who practice Sabbath with intentionality. This book brings that community to you and invites you in, with arms wide open."-Deidra Riggs, author of Every Little Thing and One: Unity in a Divided World"Set aside your to-do list. Put off the errands. Ignore the pile of laundry and the dusty mantel. Shelly Miller's Rhythms of Rest offers both a delightful respite and life-transforming wisdom you can't afford to miss. Awaken to the gift of Sabbath--God's invitation to rest in him. Let Rhythms of Rest be your first step in answering yes."-Michelle DeRusha, author of Spiritual Misfit and 50 Women Every Christian Should Know"In Rhythms of Rest, Shelly Miller invites us into more than a Sabbath. She invites us into Jesus' heart. She reminds us that rest is really a state of being: of belonging, of knowing we are loved. In a culture wearied by the rat race, Miller's poetic voice is a much-needed breath of life."-Emily T. Wierenga, founder of The Lulu Tree, a nonprofit based on radical rest, and author of Atlas Girl and Making It Home"Shelly Miller is the rest mentor you didn't even realize you were looking for."-Myquillyn Smith, author of The Nesting Place and co-founder of Hope Writers"Rhythms of Rest is a lyrical, beautiful invitation to experience the peace of heart so many of us desperately crave but can't seem to find. I thought a book on the subject of Sabbath might be a sleeper, but Miller manages to captivate the reader in refreshing and surprising ways. I loved this book!"-Heather Kopp, author of Sober Mercies: How Love Caught Up With a Christian Drunk