Unlike a novel, this is a parable, a long parable. Both are stories, but a novel is confined to the rational. Even in science fiction, a narrative must stay within credibly logical boundaries. Not so a parable. For example, a parable may feature a slave owing $50,000,000.00 to a king who expects repayment. Clearly absurd! No king would loan so vast an amount to a slave he owns, much less expect to be repaid, but that misses the point. The point is what happens next. In 1950’s west Texas, while exploring a mesquite-dotted desert, best friends Tim and Hect come upon an abandoned auto junkyard. Rabbit hunting loses its entertainment appeal for a game of “War” with their .22 caliber semiautomatic rifles, but the boys’ world suddenly cartwheels out of control because of a prank that goes ghastly awry.Hect has the idea to set fire to an old shack in the junkyard for a final thrill of the day. Tim readily agrees, although he thinks his friend's objective is a wasp nest under a mesquite bush. They fill an empty bottle with gas from a nearby wrecked truck and hurl the Molotov cocktail at the shed as the sun-dried wood erupts into a fireball. Shocked by his friend’s target, Tim gapes in horror as a blazing figure appears within the shack's fiery window. Whether a wino sleeping it off or a wandering hobo, he and the human torch gaze at each other a long terrifying moment. The un-erasable memory tattoos itself on the boy's brain. At the sound of sirens coming from the direction of town, and believing their prank may land them a hot seat on “Sparky,” Gatesville's electric chair, the boys decide their only choice is to become fugitives from the law.Armed with dogged determination and a forehead-slapping sense of naiveté, the boys flee into the harsh West Texas desert. Because of their pampered lifestyles, the two could not be less prepared to face hunger, thirst, life on the road, homelessness, and a world of poverty and slums, plus the mean streets of Juarez, Mexico.In their travels through unforgiving wilderness and city ghettos, Tim and Hect stumble upon adventures and troubles beyond their wildest imagination. From scam artists to madmen to escaped convicts to mercenaries, the two friends flee through West Texas, New Mexico, and deep into Old Mexico. In a tongue-in-cheek romp, they encounter such characters as Fast-One, an El Paso slum lord who ought to be in prison for the practical jokes she pulls on her tenants; a conman trucker named T.J. and his beautiful-but-deceitful daughter, Becca, who run a scam called the "Poison Log Routine;" a heartless cowboy, Eli, and his wife, Snowball, who run a diner and allow Tim as dishwasher to eat table scraps for a wage; and others equally as oddball.