From USA Today Bestselling Author Ginny Baird, a heartwarming story about the power of love, the dedication of family, and the realization of dreams. ** Get 13 sweet love stories all in one!**Ginny Baird's The Calendar Brides Twelve granddaughters share one goal, all in the name of love.Twelve women with big hearts and slim wallets want to do something special for their grandmother. At eighty-seven, the family matriarch has reconnected with her childhood sweetheart, and wants to elope to Sicily. The catch is her intended is poor, and Mama D'Amato doesn't have the travel cash herself.When they put their heads together, can her twelve granddaughters help their Nona achieve her dream? All it takes is a little ingenuity and a very clever plan. Meet Emma, Claire, Angie, Haley, Bev, Jane, Tiny, Zoe, Lena, Trish, Susan and Rachel, as they embark on the adventure of a lifetime--all in the name of l'amore. Meet the D'Amato women and their men! Emma is the oldest and a smart mouth. She loves late-night pizza, her puppy, and Donny--whom she hated in high school. Emma's sweet sister Claire reports the weather and collects seashells. Brainy Brad helps her see stars. Stay-at-home mom Angie pretends to Zumba. Hot hubby Jason doesn't miss a step. Angie's athletic twin Haley is a baker on the move. Mountain biker Peter grooves with her. World traveler Bev craves adventure. Photojournalist Will has a passport, too. Jane is a serious-minded thinker. Dry-witted Richard makes her laugh--and sigh. Feisty Tiny has loved Jimmy for decades. Now, they're building a future together. Tiny's artist sister Zoe has a secret wish. Does sexy Dillon share it? Bev's sister Lena sings for her supper. Unconventional Randy digs her act. Only child Trish speaks her mind. Laid-back Leo knows how to listen. Jane's shy sister Susan is a lonely knitter... Then handsome Kyle smiles her way. Rachel is the baby and a dreamer. Kindly, older Tom wants to give her the moon. Lucia vowed to marry Luigi at fourteen. He still waits for her in Italy. It's never too late for love! Come join them all in this lively, romantic tale, just in time for the New Year! Ginny Baird's The Calendar BridesReleasing January 2015