A step-by-step guide to addressing autoimmune and other health challenges through a healthy digestive system • Offers a therapeutic ketogenic gut repair program that differs from mainstream ketogenic diets because it excludes inflammatory foods that cause gut damage, immune dysfunction, accelerated aging, and tissue damage • Provides a science-based explanation for why almost everyone has some degree of gut damage and how this impacts your immune function and health issues • Details the right kind of lab tests needed for proper diagnosis of food sensitivities and autoimmune disorders • Includes dozens of delicious, easy-to-prepare recipes that keep you feeling satisfied Do you feel exhausted? Experience foggy thinking and mysterious symptoms that come and go--symptoms your doctors can’t figure out and yet they keep prescribing more and more medications? Do you have headaches, congestion, or allergies? Do you suffer from joint pain, sleep challenges, hormone imbalances, skin problems such as eczema and psoriasis, thyroid dysfunction, or any other autoimmune disorder? Holistic healthcare expert Kristin Grayce McGary reveals that the answer to resolving your health challenges may lie in comprehensive gut repair. Combining the best gut-healthy elements of primal, paleo, and ketogenic nutritional plans, McGary offers a one-of-a-kind approach for optimal digestive health. Unlike the traditional keto diet, which contains inflammatory foods, McGary’s science-based, functional ketogenic program emphasizes a holistic nutritional and lifestyle plan to repair your gut while avoiding the dangers of gluten, dairy, soy, starches, sugars, chemicals, and pesticides. She reveals how nearly everyone has some degree of gut damage and explains how this impacts your immune function, energy levels, and many health issues. Drawing on her extensive knowledge of blood chemistry analysis and how to halt and prevent autoimmune challenges, McGary details the right kind of lab tests needed for proper diagnosis of food sensitivities and autoimmune disorders and where to get them--helping readers overcome the ongoing misdiagnosis that millions with gut problems and autoimmunity symptoms suffer. Additionally, she provides a thorough list of supplements and foods for gut healing, delicious recipes that leave you feeling satisfied and strong, and contemplative exercises to help you dive even deeper into healing. Blending humor, scientific information, client examples, and personal stories with unique insights into achieving optimal health, McGary gives you the practical tools necessary to achieve a healthy digestive system, sustainable well-being, and vibrant longevity.