Love In Santa LenaThe entire series in one place!!FALLING FOR JACK: When your heart has been broken, the last thing you should do is fall into another man's arms, let alone his bed. Yet that's exactly what I did. And then I ran like a thief in the night. If I never see Jack again, it will be too soon. But I guess fate has a sense of humor, because the sexy chef who saw me at my worst is my new client. ***The beautiful creature stumbled into my life and fled just as quickly. Harper's disappearance left me confused and frustrated. But when she appears, flustered and gorgeous in my morning meeting, I can't resist the chance to see if I can rekindle the spark we had. Another relationship is the last thing I need, but I can't resist the flame Harper ignites inside me. No one said love was easy, but why does it have to be so damn hard?CONVINCING HARPER:Sometimes love means walking away...and that's exactly what I did.I swore off men and then I met Jack. Consumed with desire, I fell hard and fast.Maybe he would be different?Turns out he was keeping a secret... a big one.I was hoping I was wrong about love, but he just proved me right.And he's going to have a heck of a time convincing me otherwise.WAITING ON JASON: I’ve been waiting for the right man to come along my whole life...Screw that.I’m done desperately watching my biological clock tick down, so I decided to take matters into my own hands.Or the hands of a turkey baster.But then Jason drove into my life and my resolve nearly crumbled. One night is all I can give him. It’s all he wants. At least, that’s what I thought.I made the mistake of assuming he wasn’t a forever kind of guy. Turns out Jason just might be the one I’ve been waiting for.HEALED BY CHELSEA:I never thought I’d fall for an older man.He’s smart. Sexy. Irresistible. Everything I’ve ever wanted, but I can't have him. He’s broken. Guarded. He'll never give me what I need.So why do I still want him? Because I am going to show him how to live again... and how to love.At least, that was the plan.