Though her speciality is Roman collections at the British Museum in London, history expert turned government agent Calla Cress finds herself thrown into a bizarre international case. A code is written in an unbreakable script on an ancient manuscript whose origin is as debatable as the origin of life. Could its decryption lead to a global cyber war?When the highly guarded document goes missing from a Berlin museum and ends up in her personal belongings with a long-hidden secret concerning her parents, Calla is backed into a corner. Forced on a run halfway across the world, Calla is pursued from the underground scene of espionage intelligence into a desperate hunt for truth and survival. Soon she discovers that she's made of tougher stuff than she ever imagined.Her only allies are few but resourceful. There's:Nash Shields, a handsome yet mysterious National Security Agency (NSA) intelligence analyst. Jack Kleve, a witty technology entrepreneur.Calla Cress took down the world's most dangerous man. She made one mistake. She let him live. A billionaire behind bars, once the secret service's most brilliant code breaker, is luring the world's smartest minds into his prison cell. They leave in a coma and seconds later a lethal hack snakes through one government system after another. Meanwhile, Calla Cress, museum curator turned undercover cyber-security agent, faces the biggest dilemma of her life. She’s harboring a dangerous secret buried in the deepest vaults of technology history. In a few hours, she'll have to make a decision that will change her life forever. After an explosion rocks her hideout in Colorado, Calla wakes up halfway across the world at the whim of a powerful, unidentified organization demanding she produce the whereabouts of a missing MI6 agent who can disarm the billionaire's hacks. Powerful people are prepared to kill to obtain the cryptic secret the agent kept. There’re a few obstacles: Calla has never met the agent who has been missing for 30 years. Can Calla find the only person who ever challenged the enigmatic billionaire? With only a handful of clues left in a mysterious sixteenth-century anagram encrypted with a sequence of codes, Calla, NSA security advisor, Nash Shields and tech entrepreneur Jack Kleve are thrust in a dangerous race across the globe. With each haunting revelation, they soon realize the key to disarming the hacks comes at an astonishing price. ABOUT THE DECRYPTER AND THE MIND HACKER (Previously published as Covert Interference) THE DECRYPTER AND THE MIND HACKER is a fast-paced, suspense thriller, charging through government secrets, world history and computer fraud that will have you wondering whether technology has progressed beyond human intelligence, changing civilization, and perhaps human nature. ˃˃˃ Reader Acclaim for 'THE DECRYPTER AND THE MIND HACKER "I found myself intrigued about what could be the next step in the evolution of cyber systems. I look forward to more stories from the author especially involving Calla Cress." "Calla Cress, still reeling from her recent discoveries, is thrown right back into danger. This is an exhilarating read that will have you begging for more." "Covert Interference is hard to put down once you start reading it." "Great story line with twists and turns and a good alternation of action and scene setting which will keep you on the edge of your seat." "I can see how this would look on screen but it may be my wild imagination! The end will shock you!" ˃˃˃ The bestselling CALLA CRESS TECHNO THRILLER series of books in order: BOOK 1 - THE DECRYPTER: SECRET OF THE LOST MANUSCRIPT BOOK 2 – THE DECRYPTER AND THE MIND HACKER ABOUT THE AUTHOR: A global nomad, Rose Sandy lives in London, UK and likes to take her characters mostly to where she's journeyed. Rose loves to craft suspense and intelligence thrillers where history and espionage meet technology in pulse-racing action adventure. Her first series, the Calla Cress techno thriller series novels usually feature gutsy characters, technology and scientific breakthroughs, a race across the globe and a dash of paranormal historical mystery. The series usually sit in such e-book categories as: mystery best sellers, mystery best sellers in kindle books, espionage and spy thrillers, suspense thrillers and mysteries on kindle, suspense thrillers and mysteries best sellers, science fiction best sellers, techno thriller. Be the first to hear about Rose Sandy’s new releases here: www.rosesandy.com