The woman’s limbs were so thin; the skin on her arms as translucent as tracing paper. Around her neck lay a faint string of purple bruises. In one so frail, darker, angrier marks might be expected but Beth knew the bruising would have stopped the moment her heart stopped beating.  When a walker finds the body of a woman by the shores of Ullswater Lake, the police are put on high alert. Felicia Evans was known to be a tough character, but who would have strangled her?  Detective Beth Young quickly spots the links to three cold cases. Three women strangled and discarded in the stunning, wild hills of the Lake District.  As Beth begins tracking down witnesses, the team receives an anonymous letter claiming the charming mayor of Carlisle is behind the murders. There’s pressure from the top to clear his name. But Beth is determined to find the truth no matter whose feathers she ruffles in the process.  Beth knows the clock is ticking. The killer is hunting again. And it’s down to her to find who’s responsible before another woman becomes his prey…  A gripping edge-of-your-seat thriller from bestselling author Graham Smith, perfect for fans of Joy Ellis, LJ Ross, and J.R. Ellis.    What readers are saying about Graham Smith:  ‘I devoured this book, such a page-turner! If a crime has me still debating 'whodunnit' right up to the very end then I'm a happy reader!... I can't recommend this highly enough – fast-paced and gripping and literally kept me wanting more.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘I was absolutely gripped… A sophisticated and gripping read that will send your heart racing. This is an author who knows exactly what a crime fan expects from a book and he delivers every time. A thrilling and twisted read.’ By the Letter Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘Packed a punch of thrills and chills… [A] remarkable read that captures the mind in a vice grip and refuses to let it go.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Twisted and gruesome. And brilliant… Hugely atmospheric… The action is full on, and the story is full of tension – my nerves were shredded!’ Suze Reviews  ‘Wow is all I can say. I read this on the train and nearly missed my station… A twisty, turny, fast-paced thriller which has a lot going for it. More please.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Chillingly disturbing… Just when you think you may have it figured out… You don’t… If you like a good police procedural serial killer mystery…. this is the one for you.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘Compulsive, atmospheric and relentlessly gripping!’ Craig Russell  ‘Ohh I really enjoyed this book so much, the plot was exceptionally good, very gruesome and totally addictive.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Original, and compelling… A great book, just stunning.’ Nigel Adams Bookworm, 5 stars