In the atmosphere of decadence and perverted lusts characteristic of Imperial age Rome... tree disreputable young men begin a journey through Southern Italy, presumably for the purpose of learning what life is all about. Their travels become an unguided tour of the seamy side of Roman life, a catalogue of erotic adventures, a carnal circus of bisexual delights.The Satyricon is a seething denunciation of the corruption and perverted sexual appetite of a leisure class devoted exclusively to the pursuit of pleasure, of a society in which young boys are housed in brothels to gratify the lusts of jaded men. Titus Petronius Arbiter saw this as a terminal cancer that would eventually destroy the Empire. To demonstrate his point he wrote this remarkable satirical novel, the ill-fated Satyricon, a book that eventually cost him his life.Emperor Nero ordered all existing copies of the Satyricon seized and burned. However, books are not so easily destroyed. A full thirteen centuries later fragments of the original manuscripts came to light at various points throughout the world. The first were uncovered in Italy during the Renaissance; not long after, during the reign of Louis XIV, others were located in France; still others turned up in Budda during the later part of the 17th century, and in Trau, Dalmatia, in 1688. (The Trau fragments have caused much debate among scholars, many of whom deny their authenticity.)Ironically, most of the furor surrounding this always-controversial work has been caused not by scholars questioning its authenticity but by groups objecting to its high erotic content; thus, a work which demonstrated to a decadent society the folly of unrestricted carnal indulgence came to be branded by a latter-day society as immoral! Fortunately, in recent years, the courts have generated a more rational climate toward works of this kind, thus enabling Paul Gillette to approach the spirit of the original far more closely than previous translators might have dreamed possible. This permits the present-day reader to gain an understanding ad appreciation not only of the moral crisis of Imperial Age Rome but also of Petronius' brilliant satyric treatment of the subject.