They’re the Vendetti crime familia, the most powerful mafia name in New York... Matteo Vendetti is a man who gets what he wants. As heir to the Vendetti Empire and the capo dei capi’s throne, he’s only required to do one thing. He must get married to prove that he’s matured and is stable enough to take over. The stipulation doesn’t sound like much of a challenge until he realizes who his betrothed is. Violet’s the Bottaro Princessa, not just a random woman he met by chance in another country. She’s young—too young by his standards. She’s headstrong—a problem for a dominant man like Matteo. She’s desirable—the biggest issue of all. Before long, Matteo’s questioning himself, wondering if Violet’s really such a burden, or if just maybe, he’s falling in love with something other than the Empire. *Brand new mafia series from Sapphire Knight! VERY steamy, so be ready!* OTTA *  WOW! Matteo and his brothers are HOT! By the time you finish The Vendetti Empire you’re not going to know which one you love the most. I’ll happily take them all! – Victoria Ashley, New York Times Bestselling Author  Holy hotness batman, what did I just read! I won't spoil a single thing as this is one book you should truly read blind. Don't have a single thought as you open the book and devour the pages. There is nothing more b*d*ss than a crime family romance for me. I just can't get enough. Sapphire Knight draws you into this world with these strong characters and takes you deep into this place page by page. I couldn't stop and I'm dying for more! - Author Chelsea Camaron  Holy flaming Kindles!! This is hands down one of the most panty-melting books I've ever read, AND it has a storyline. It's every b**kwh*re's dream come true! Sapphire Knight, you have some deliciously naughty words in your head, and I loved every single one of them! -Author Teagan Brooks  I read the entire thing last night, obsessively, and holy wow. That has to be dirtiest, yet hottest book I’ve ever read. I was not expecting that level of heat. Dang girl. Dannnng! Sapphire Knight you’re a dirty bird and I love it! -Author Jaci J  Holy heck in a hamper! GIRL! For one, I think I may now have hypertension. For two, you have absolutely knocked this one out of the MF Park. Hot AF! Sweet Jesus. Someone get me some dang ice water, open a window, something! - Author Kristine Allen  If you have ever met Sapphire Knight she is the sweetest little thing...but man does she write twisted and hot men! I hated the Vendettis and then I loved them! - Author P. Marie  