The complete collection. Enjoy the thrilling trilogy all in one book.THE DELIVERERProphecies are not always clear. That is what seventeen-year-old Silas Ainsley learns when he finds himself in a realm called Marenon.The people of Marenon are nearing the brink of war and many of them claim that Silas is the fulfillment of an ancient prophecy. Each group wants to use him for their own purposes, and he doesn't know who is trustworthy. With the help of a lawless band of mercenaries, Silas must journey to uncover the meaning of the prophecy before Marenon falls to ruin.The only way to get to Marenon is to die, and Silas has just arrived.THE GATEKEEPERWith the war in Marenon escalating quickly, Silas Ainsley is running out of time. The relentless Stühocs are attacking villages, and an assassin is tracking his every move, making it difficult to find the one person who has all the answers: The Gatekeeper.Meanwhile, after learning that the Dunarian Council is compromised, King Julian Hobbes scours Marenon for the truth about how deeply the Stühocs have penetrated the freedom fighters.When Julian discovers what he must do to uncover that truth, he must decide whether the result can justify his actions.THE RECKONINGHeld in a dark cell in the heart of Mudavé, Silas Ainsley, the Deliverer of Marenon, meets a new enemy: the Possessor. Silas knows it won't be long before the Stühocs try to kill him, or worse, turn him into an enemy against the very people he is meant to help.Julian Hobbes has left the throne in Farlaweer in search of the last two medallions of power, knowing that once he has all six, he will be able to use the ultimate weapon against the Stühocs.With three of the Dunarian council members dead, the Stühoc king, Anithistor, has charged Alric Thirsk with the task of finally destroying the Dunarians for good by killing their leader, Kaden Osric. If Alric fails, his friends will suffer a most torturous fate. Though the Stuhocs are winning the war, Silas has a dream about a man in Mudavé who claims he can help Silas defeat Anithistor and the Possessor. That man also claims to be Silas' father.