In Katy’s opinion, weddings should follow some basic rules:  1) No-one should ever have sex. Of course. The married couple has the rest of their lives for that, and the guests should be too busy partying.  2) If you are heavily pregnant (as Katy is) you should obviously not be invited to three weddings in the space of one summer. Your husband’s accident-prone best friend, your attention-seeking colleague, your 73-year-old mother’s marriage to her Spanish toy boy – all without even an alcoholic drink to make them bearable.  3) During the speeches, it should not be revealed that you had a secret one-night-stand with one of the other guests.  4) Instead of laying bets on the length of the best man’s speech, guests should not be laying bets on whether a marriage will be in ruins before the end of the meal…  But this summer, Katy is lucky enough to be the special guest at the weddings that break ALL of the rules. What could possibly go wrong?   From the no. 1 bestselling author of No-one Ever Has Sex on a Tuesday, this book will make you laugh until you cry. Perfect for fans of Nick Spalding, Marian Keyes and Gill Sims.   Readers love Tracy Bloom!  ‘I absolutely loved it, I laughed my head off at so many parts it is soooo hilarious!’ Jessica's Book Biz  ‘Laugh-out-loud moments throughout... worth the read just for the giggles.’ Carrie's Book Reviews  ‘Hilarious, I constantly laughed out loud… Great fun and highly recommended.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘A great book full of lots of hilarious moments.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘A fun, crazy holiday read.’ Guilty Pleasures Book Reviews  ‘I loved it!’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘There are so many laugh-out-loud moments right the way throughout the book that keep you hooked and make the book so easy to read.’ Jessica's Book Biz  ‘I've had a goofy grin on my face for the whole of this book. I challenge you to not find something to smile or laugh about in almost every single chapter, it is just that funny and feel-good… I just can't explain how much I loved this book - so instead I’ll just suggest you read it for yourself!’ Rachel’s Random Reads, 5 stars  ‘Had me laughing out loud and gave me proper tears of laughter, definitely a book I’m recommending – 5 stars from me!!’ Donna’s Book Blog, 5 stars  ‘This really was a hysterical read, I doubt anyone could read it and NOT find it funny!’ Novel Gossip  ‘I raced through this story, not wanting it to end…a hilarious and fast-paced read and I found myself laughing my head off so often!’ On My Bookshelf, 5 stars  ‘This book was soooooo funny!... I was literally laughing out loud so much while reading.’ Steph and Chris’ Book Reviews, 5 stars