Chazown (pronounced khaw-ZONE) from the Hebrew, meaning a dream, revelation, or vision. You were born with your own Chazown. Do you know what it is?Vision and Purpose: Dream It, Live It, Attain It Do you wake up each day motivated by knowing exactly why you were created? Guided by intention in every step? Enter: Chazown. Hebrew for “vision,” God wants to give His for you, and this book will reveal it! Living God’s dream will rock your world and align every area of your life, from your relationships to your finances and health. Chazown is packed with storytelling graphics, in-your-face honesty, bite-sized chapterettes, step-by-step guidance, surprising self-assessments, and scarcely containable energy in a fast-paced style that will drive you forward with purpose! Craig Groeschel cowrote this book, but he’s waiting for his partner—you. Because only you can discover how the book ends and the rest of your life begins… Visit the Life Development Plan website as mentioned in the book:  http://ldp.lifechurch.tv/jsp/main.jsp
  Chazown
 A Different Way to See Your Life You’re invited on a most unusual odyssey—to find, name, and live out your Chazown. It’s a journey you’ll never forget because it’s impossible to return unchanged. Practical, surprising, visually fresh, and biblically sound, the Chazown experience helps you clearly understand what you’ve always suspected: You’re not an accident. You have been created and put on earth for a unique and important purpose…a Chazown . And God intends for you to live it with passion and fulfillment for His glory. But where to start your search? As Craig Groeschel will show, your own Chazown is hiding just under the surface of your life in three often overlooked areas: your core values, your spiritual gifts, and your past experiences. Once you discover your personal Chazown , you’ll turn it into a highly motivating credo—complete with short-term goals, action steps, and an accountability network to make your big dream a reality. Pursue your Chazown and simultaneously improve five critical aspects of your life. These “small ‘c’ chazowns ” are your relationship with God, your relationships with people, your finances, your health and fitness, and your work life. Are you living someone else’s dream for your life, or no dream at all? Get ready for Chazown. Story Behind the BookCraig Groeschel started LifeChurch.tv, now attended by more than twelve thousand people each weekend on five different campuses, in the Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, area in 1996. From that point on, he has been empowered by the knowledge that he is following God’s chazown (vision) for his life. Craig’s cutting-edge teaching style—including honest, uncomfortable teaching of God’s truth and ubiquitous use of in-your-face video and other imagery—has challenged and changed thousands of lives. His messages are simulcast live to each of the church’s campuses, and his ministry continues to explode. This book stems from a two-message series that he gave; its premise is the bedrock for all teaching and ministry at LifeChurch.tv.