Ace is bad. Very bad. After losing my brother, I know I should stay away. So why can’t I? He’s irresistible. He’s confident. He’s amazing… but he’s dangerous. He was there the night my brother was murdered. He watched it all go down. I should stay away. The things I saw weren’t acceptable. I should want Ace as far away from me as possible—I should consider him a monster and a threat—but when my life is at stake I know I no longer have a choice of the matter. He's the only one that can protect me. He's done what he can to keep me out of danger, but it's not enough. I need answers. I need the truth. He refuses to give it to me, and because of that I don't trust him. He refuses to tell me what really happened and to just forget about it but I refuse. I won’t back down until I get answers. But there’s one thing wrong with getting too many answers. It leads to lies. It leads to trouble. It leads to danger. But worst of all, it leads to me falling deeply and madly in love with him. I’ve gotta be out of my mind.   London Stallone hasn’t always had the perfect life, but she did have the perfect older brother. He did everything for her. He took care of her when no one else would. He’s always been the shoulder she could lean on, but when he ends up murdered, things turn for the worst. London soon demands answers, and the first person she runs to is her brother’s co-worker and good friend, Donovan “Ace” Crow. Ace isn’t the ordinary guy. He doesn’t come equipped with flowers and chocolate. He doesn’t hand out smiles and hugs to every female he meets. He’s strict and only about business, and London believes he’s a part of the reason her brother was murdered. Soon, after finding out life-threatening news, it leads to something Ace never thought he’d have to do for anyone. Protect her. Although he doesn't want her to get hurt, it doesn't stop him from being selfish or bitter. He's promised to protect her, but has he done enough ? Has he sacrificed everything in order to keep London out of harms way? Sometimes love can get in the way of your priorities. And sometimes love can easily become your enemy—your worst nightmare. It can destroy you.  This is a story full of dishonesty. Disloyalty. Broken hearts. Pain. Suffering. Lies. Destruction. This isn’t a fairytale love story. This is real. And it just might break you. You’ve been warned…  BEWARE.  *91K words*