Your husband’s car crash wasn’t an accident…   Maddy Shaw learns the life-shattering news in the most horrific way: live on air. As the shaky phone recording pans over the terrible crash, she recognises her husband Simon’s car in the wreckage… He is critically injured, and she rushes to his side.  Detective Rachel Hart knows how it feels to have a loved one’s life hanging in the balance, and hurries to support her friend. Maddy is distraught about her husband’s accident, and Rachel decides to investigate. It’s not her case, but if she can give her friend answers, she will. But she soon realises Simon didn’t crash because he was distracted, or because a tyre blew. Someone made this happen. Someone who wants Simon dead…  After the discovery of a threatening letter buried in Simon’s diary, Maddy has to ask how well she knew her husband. Then a new victim is found – an old friend of Simon’s, a man he hasn’t seen in years. It seems a dark secret from their past has finally come to light… The killer has a list of targets, and they are dying one by one.  Rachel must race against time to protect her friend and find the murderer, before another life is taken. But however fast she runs, it seems the killer is always one step ahead. And Maddy must decide if she wants the truth – even if it puts her in the killer’s path…  A twisty and breath-taking thriller for fans of Rachel Abbott, Cara Hunter and Angela Marsons.   
  Readers absolutely love J.G. Roberts:
   'Amazing... I laughed, cringed, cried, gasped, and screamed... I read the whole book in one sitting!! Every page leaves you wanting more and more... a page turner from beginning all the way to end.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘I was literally holding my breath and tapping my kindle faster… A real page turner… another MUST READ author to add to my list.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Wow!!! I started this book at 10:00 this morning and have just finished it... I quite literally could not put it down… One of the best books I have read’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘With loads of twists, plenty of red herrings and lots to keep you guessing, this is one that will have you reading late into the night… a five-star read that I couldn’t put down!’ Jan’s Book Buzz, 5 stars   ‘OMG this book kept me hooked… So looking forward to reading more from this author!! Amazing from start to finish!’ NetGalley Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘What a brilliant book… it kept me on the edge of my seat throughout. A brilliant page-turner with plenty of twists and turns and I just enjoyed the way this author writes… I didn't guess the twist at the end.’ NetGalley Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Wow what a great book. Tons of suspense and twists and turns. Held my attention from the first page to the last. Can't wait to read more from this author.