Love at Last is a USA Today BestsellerCowboy Cal Hayden has loved Rachel Gray practically since the first time he set eyes on her. But Cal’s a careful, responsible man who knows better than to start a relationship before he can give it his all. He bided his time while caring for his family through his father’s terminal illness. Now his father is gone and his mother is settled, but has Cal waited too long to make his move?  Find out more about these friends of the Bradens in LOVE AT LAST, and catch up with many of your favorite Love in Bloom characters, including much-anticipated news about babies for the Bradens in Trusty, Colorado!  If this is your first introduction to the Bradens, please note that this is a flirt not a full-length novel. Like all Love in Bloom books, flirts are written to stand alone, so jump right in and enjoy the fun, sexy, and emotional ride.  What is a Flirt? The Love in Bloom big-family romance world has become so widely enjoyed, I have been asked by thousands of readers to write the stories of our beloved side characters. While I couldn’t possibly fit in writing full-length novels for each of them while maintaining my normal publication schedule, I’ve created flirts. Flirts cover twenty-four to forty-eight hours of two side characters’ lives on their path to their happily ever after, while also updating readers about their favorite main characters. Flirts vary in length and heat levels. I hope you love these quick, fun, sexy stories as much as I enjoy writing them.  If this is your first Love in Bloom story, then you have a whole series of loyal, sexy, and wickedly naughty heroes and smart, sassy heroines to catch up with. The characters from each family series within the Love in Bloom world cross into other family series and make appearances in future books so you never miss an engagement, wedding, or birth. Visit Melissa’s website for free Love in Bloom reader goodies such as series checklists, publication schedules, and family trees.  Read the Rest of the Love In Bloom Series: Snow Sisters The Bradens at Weston The Bradens at Trusty The Bradens at Peaceful Harbor The Bradens at Pleasant Hill The Remingtons The Ryders Seaside Summers Bayside Summers Wild Billionaires After Dark Bad Billionaires After Dark Harborside Nights The Montgomerys The Whiskeys &amp; Tru Blue 