Discover the magic of the Bradens, and fall in love with Addison Cole's rich and romantic storytelling. In PROMISE OF A NEW BEGINNING... After having her heart broken by a country music star, Savannah Braden has sworn off men. She takes a break from her fast-paced Manhattan lifestyle for a weekend at a survivor camp to rebuild her confidence and readjust her priorities. But when she meets the handsome guide, Jack Remington, she's drawn to everything about him—from his powerful physique to his brooding stare—despite the big chip on his shoulder. Powerless to ignore the heated glances and mounting attraction, Savannah begins to reassess her hasty decision. After losing his wife in a tragic accident, Jack Remington found solace in the Colorado Mountains. This solitary existence allows him to wallow in his guilt and punish himself for having made a decision that he believes cost his wife her life. He never expected to want to return to the life he once knew—but then again, he never expected to meet gorgeous, stubborn, and competitive Savannah Braden. One passionate kiss is all it takes to crack the walls the two have built to protect themselves, and allow love to slip in. While Jack fights his way through his guilt, and struggles to get back into the lives of those he left behind, Savannah is there to help him heal, and together they nurture hope that they've finally found their forever loves. Addison Cole is the sweet-romance pen name of New York Times bestselling author Melissa Foster. Addison Cole novels are the sweet editions of Melissa's steamy romance Love in Bloom series, and are written to stand alone, or to be enjoyed as part of the larger Sweet with Heat series. Sweet with Heat novels convey all of the passion you'd expect to find between two people in love without any graphic scenes or harsh language. If you are looking for a more explicit romance, pick up the steamy edition of this title, Bursting with Love, by Melissa Foster. **SWEET WITH HEAT: WESTON BRADENS A Love So Sweet Our Sweet Destiny Unraveling the Truth About Love The Art of Loving Lacy Promise of a New Beginning And Then There Was Us ALSO AVAILABLE for your binge-reading pleasure, more fun, heartwarming, flirty, and romantic love stories. The Seaside and Bayside series are set in the quaint small towns of Cape Cod, making them perfect beach reads! SWEET WITH HEAT: SEASIDE SUMMERS SERIES Read, Write, Love at Seaside Dreaming at Seaside Hearts at Seaside Sunsets at Seaside Secrets at Seaside Nights at Seaside Seized by Love at Seaside Embraced at Seaside Lovers at Seaside Whispers at Seaside SWEET WITH HEAT: BAYSIDE SUMMERS SERIES Sweet Love at Bayside Sweet Passions at Bayside Sweet Heat at Bayside Sweet Escape at Bayside **"Addison Cole's stories are the perfect blend of sizzle and sweet. You won't be able to stop reading."​ - ​New York Times bestselling author RaeAnne Thayne"Romance, fun, emotions, and happily ever afters that will warm your heart, Addison Cole writes charming and unforgettable stories about real people and love in its most wonderfully moving forms." - New York Times bestselling author Violet Duke"Addison Cole has created characters you'll fall in love with and a seaside world you'll never want to leave." USA Today bestselling author Chris Keniston"An absolute treat to read and cannot wait for more from Addison Cole." ~ New York Times bestselling author Sawyer Bennett (aka Juliette Poe, on "Read, Write, Love at Seaside")***Addison Cole is the sweet alter ego of New York Times and USA Today bestselling and award-winning author Melissa Foster. She writes humorous and emotional sweet contemporary romance. Her books do not include explicit sex scenes or harsh language. Addison spends her summers on Cape Cod, where she dreams up wonderful love stories in her house overlooking Cape Cod Bay.