Anna’s hands tense on Alice and she hesitates. In that endless pause, I see all I need to know. She doesn’t want to give Alice to me – not now, and not ever. And part of me doesn’t even blame her…  Milly always dreamed of being a mother. Adopted herself, she has always imagined a powerful intimate connection with a child of her own. So when she and her husband Matt are told they can’t have children, her dreams are shattered.  But then their loved ones offer the ultimate gift – Milly’s best friend Anna and Matt’s brother Jack will be donors so that Milly can carry a child and finally have a chance to be a mother. And with everyone accepting and open, Milly believes that nothing could could go wrong.  Except none of the four people involved are prepared for the feelings that will threaten their most important relationships as their precious, longed-for daughter Alice grows up and receives a heartbreaking diagnosis.  Then those who love her best will have to decide what it means to be a parent, and to make decisions with far-reaching and devastating consequences… for Alice, and for themselves.  A powerful, heart-breaking novel guaranteed to make you cry, for fans of Jodi Picoult, Diane Chamberlain, and Gracie’s Secret.   Readers love Kate Hewitt:  ‘Heart-wrenching and captivating… as good as anything Jodi Picoult and Diane Chamberlain have ever written… gripping, engrossing and compelling.’ Bookish Jottings  ‘Oh my gosh! This book is sad, thrilling, gripping and completely pulls on your heart strings… Full of heartache, tough decisions, dilemmas, drama and struggles of everyday life… In two words, simply amazing!’ Books on the Bookshelf, 5 stars  ‘Holy heck!!! Kate Hewitt brought her A-game with this must read... I was completely entranced… There were so many well-timed twists and turns and just when I thought I couldn’t be surprised anymore, there was another bomb waiting to drop!!… A complete 5 star novel that will most certainly “wow” you!’ Steph and Chris’ Book Review, 5 stars  ‘A heartbreaking story filled with raw emotions that is beautifully and emotionally written… It just hits you right in the gut and pulls out all of the feels. It is absolutely heart wrenching and devastating… a moving and tragic story about life, love and loss.’ Sinfully Wicked Books, 5 stars  ‘Oh wow… This story has literally broken my heart into tiny little pieces at every emotional and heart breaking turn.’ Welcome to Mixing Reality with Fiction Book Blog, 5 stars  ‘A heart wrenchingly aching tale of motherly love, loss and loyalty… So so sad. But so beautiful!’ Two Girls and a Book Obsession, 5 stars  ‘One of the most poignant and life affirming novels… Beautiful, thought-provoking, insightful….and everything in between… Keep the tissues handy, you’re going to need them.’ The Writing Garnet  ‘A plot twist so devastating that I needed some time to deal with my emotions before completing the book… a seriously good read&amp;h