Mindful Eating: A Healthy, Balanced and Compassionate Way To Stop Overeating, How To Lose Weight and Get a Real Taste of Life by Eating Mindfully" What are you hungry for? You may have been drawn to the idea of mindful eating as an antidote to the empty promises of the diet industry, or you may have felt that it's time to pursue a more purposeful, more compassionate way of eating. Whatever your reasons and whatever your current relationship to food and your body is, this book can help you reconsider your eating habits and whether they are truly serving your highest good. Through an exploration of the real reasons we overeat, our thoughts and feelings around food, and coming into closer contact with our own true appetites, this book aims to help you craft an open and accepting attitude towards food. Here Is What You Will Learn After Reading This Book: Mindful Eating vs. Mindless EatingWhy We OvereatThe Benefits of Becoming a Mindful EaterMindfulness - the Nuts and BoltsPractical Ways to be Mindful and Mindfulness ExercisesDeep Body AwarenessEating: Finding the Middle PathAnd much more! And Here's A Preview Of Chapter 1: "You sit down to lunch with a friend one Friday afternoon and decide to order a big meal and coffee. The menu looks so good and you're in the mood for celebrating, so why not? As your friend natters on and on you tuck in, and before you know it, your cheeseburger and fries are gone, yet you scarcely remember eating them. You feel a bit bad about scoffing it down so quickly, and penalize yourself mentally for having so little willpower. You decide that you'll just skip breakfast tomorrow to atone for it. But if you've already gone this far... why not just have a dessert while you're at it? You've already shattered your illusions of being controlled and disciplined. Plus, your friend is having one. You get home that evening and feel a little down. You remind yourself that you are not allowed to eat until tomorrow. But then what else are you going to do? One hour and much guilt later, you've polished off some leftovers, two sandwiches and a bag of cookies your mom gave you. How did that even happen? Maybe you have felt this sense of being out of control before. Perhaps you have eaten something and immediately thought, why did I eat that? I didn't even enjoy it! Perhaps you eat things that you know damage your body or make you gain weight. If that is the case, you may be a so-called "emotional eater." This book is for you. Mindful eating is an attitude towards food (and much more) that encourages awareness, deliberate action and an open acceptance of the present moment as it unfolds around us. In this book, we'll look at how the conventional dieting mindset is actually damaging and counterproductive, and how mindful eating can be a refreshing break away from all the expectations that you have about yourself and food that are not serving you. The ultimate goal is to become exquisitely tuned in to your own appetites, desires and passions, and to tune out the noise and clutter from the outside world that muffle your innate intuition about what is good for you and what isn't. When we understand our true hunger, when we realize the psychological, emotional, behavioral, physical and even spiritual causes behind our overeating, only then can we can start to take realistic steps to remedy it.