‘She shivered, though the kitchen was warm. Icicles of foreboding trickled down her spine. With trembling hands she whipped back her hair at the nape of her neck. As she turned away from the window, she missed the shadow passing by.’  One dark winter’s morning, bride-to-be Cara Dunne is found hanging in her home, dressed in her wedding dress, with a lock of hair removed. Detective Lottie Parker is first on the scene. Looking at Cara’s bruised and battered body, she wonders who could have hated her enough to kill her at the happiest time of her life.  The case takes a darker turn that afternoon with another shocking discovery – the broken body of a second young woman, pushed from the roof of the hospital where she worked. Fiona Heffernan was also due to be married, and her body is clad in a wedding dress, a lock of her hair cut off.  The killings seem so personal that Lottie is convinced the girls have been killed by someone they knew. When she goes to break the news to Fiona’s family, she’s on the alert for anything suspicious. But then she makes a discovery that causes her blood to run cold – Fiona’s eight-year-old daughter Lily didn’t return home from her dance recital that afternoon. Terrified that Lily will be the next victim of a twisted and dangerous individual, Lottie takes the case into her own hands, risking her life when she comes face-to-face with the killer…  If you love Karin Slaughter, Robert Dugoni and Rachel Caine, you’ll be hooked by this heart-stopping thriller from Patricia Gibney. Broken Souls will keep you guessing until the very last page!  Read what everybody is saying about Patricia Gibney:  ‘AMAZING, BRILLIANT, THE BEST BOOK I'VE READ IN A LONG LONG TIME!!! It's not often I've been left speechless after reading a book but this time I was!!!… From the very start I was gripped and couldn't put it down!!!… If I could have given it ten stars I would have!!!’ Goodreads Reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  ‘This was THE BEST book I have read in quite some time. If I could give it more than 5 stars, I would!… absolutely riveting. Once I started reading, I was unable to stop… this story was just pure genius!… took everything I THOUGHT I knew and threw it right out the window!’ Butterfly's Booknerdia Blog, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  ‘I couldn’t believe this was the author’s debut novel as it was as gripping and suspenseful as a veteran writer… This was the book that I could not put down… I found myself reading certain paragraphs over because I was in shock over what had happened… Absolutely fabulous’ Brainfarts and Books, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  ‘OMG it is a cracking book!!… Patricia Gibney is my favourite author at the moment and my best find of the year – this book was fantastic and I cannot recommend it highly enough.’ Donna's Book Blog, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  ‘OMG BEYOND BRILLIANT!!!!... grips you right from the first page. It is so fast paced… The action just kept on coming. I literally can't wait for the next one... A truly well-deserved five stars.’ NetGalley Reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐