Trudy Genova has the best job any nurse could want, working on set as a medical consultant for a NY movie studio. No more uniforms, bedpans or emergencies, until the actor whose overtures she's refused dies suddenly while taping a hospital scene--but not before pointing his finger accusingly at Trudy. When detectives view Trudy as a suspect, she sets out on an investigation to clear her name. Then a second death occurs, and Trudy realizes she's put herself in jeopardy.  A new mystery from the award-winning author of the Nora Tierney English Mystery Series, DEATH UNSCRIPTED is based on the authors' real work experience during her nursing career and is the mystery series British Queen of Crime P. D. James insisted she write. A mix of amateur sleuth and police procedural, the story is told in first person from Trudy's point of view, and in third from NYPD Detective Ned O'Malley  Marilyn Chris, Obie and Drama Desk Award-winning actor who played Wanda Wolek on ABC's soap "One Life to Live" notes: "Graff gets behind the scenes of soaps just right, as well she should--she was there!"  Edith Maxell, national bestselling author of multiple mystery series says: "Your blood pressure will soar during M. K. Graff's new Manhattan Mystery, as nurse Trudy Genova takes the pulse of a killer during a soap opera filming in Death Unscripted. You won't even think about changing the channel during this smart, suspenseful mystery."  And Triss Stein, author of the Erica Donato Mysteries, has this to say: "Soap opera drama is as intense on the set as it is on the screen. Sometimes Trudy Genova, consulting nurse, feels like the only sane person in the room. Join her as she copes with huge ego, daily melodrama, an attractive detective, and life in New York . . . plus murder. The city and the studio provide intriguing backgrounds for this entertaining mystery."  Helen Smith, UK author of the The Emily Castle Mysteries, agrees that Death Unscripted is "an engaging story featuring a charming amateur sleuth. A great start to a mystery series."