It all happened in a flash. On a beautiful spring morning in 2007, sitting in my backyard and licking my wounds from a spectacular career derailment, I came up with a big idea-and I found myself contemplating the most daring and unconventional pursuit of my life." In this memoir, by turns hilarious, weird and tender, but always engaging, musical prodigy, numbers nerd and weather geek Andreas Souvaliotis takes us with him on his zigzag journey to that moment-and on the subsequent rollercoaster ride that transformed him from a misfit into a changemaker. PRAISE A book by someone who has more ideas in a minute than most of us have in a year. - Jeffrey Simpson, National Affairs Columnist, The Globe and Mail Andreas's message is straightforward and powerful: harness the things that make you different in order to change your world for the better. We're all misfits, with our own particularities. And, in our quest to fit in and live "normal," we too often quash those very things that could make us special. - Justin Trudeau &amp; Sophie Gregoire Misfits have always been the architects of change and innovation for our world. My dear friend Andreas's story offers an awesome and rare glimpse into the mind and soul of a passionate innovator-a true misfit. - W. Brett Wilson, Entrepreneur, Philanthropist &amp; Dragon Have you ever been fired? Your ideas trashed, your dream rejected? The worst day of Andreas Souvaliotis's career opened the way to his greatest success. His amazing story will inspire overachieving "misfits" everywhere. - David Frum, CNN Contributor What happens when you mix a Greek immigrant whose favorite day is April Fools' with Alan Greenspan and Muhammad Yunus? Canada's Central Banker for Social Change, Andreas Souvaliotis. - Toby Heaps, CEO, Corporate Knights The inspiring tale of a courageous innovator who consistently transforms adversity into positive energy and passion. - Karen Kain, Artistic Director, The National Ballet of Canada The beautiful story of Canada's most energetic, dynamic, fun and outspoken social entrepreneur. - Greg Kiessling, Executive Chairman, Bullfrog Power Inc.