Thousands have found inspiration reading Candyfloss Guitar, an Amazon #1 international bestseller. Choose Your Way... "Stephen R. Marriott takes us on a journey through the eyes of Diego, a young guitarist, as he struggles to find his path in life. It's a touching tale which will not only have you reaching for the next in the series, but maybe your backpack as well." - Richard Paul Evans, #1 New York Times Bestselling Author Diego is drifting. He has been content with living his life in a sun-scorched village that lies on the route of the pilgrim path: The Camino de Santiago. But one stormy night, change is forced upon Diego when his father, Eduardo, the local candyfloss maker, unexpectedly catches him entertaining a captivated crowd with flamenco guitar rhythms. At that moment, Eduardo lets go of the ghosts from his past and realises it's time for Diego to find his path in life. Eduardo arranges for Diego to live and work on a farm and sends him on his way with the gift of his old Spanish guitar. Will Diego commit to working on the farm, or will he confront his destiny on the road where a million pilgrims have passed before him? - - - - WARNING (By Candyfloss Guitar Readers) - - - - - "Very inspirational!" "I could NOT PUT IT DOWN!!" "Loved it" "great characters" "A great read!" "This story sucks you right in." "Very well crafted, and executed." "I would recommend this story to everyone." "A very enjoyable read." "Excellent storytelling..." "I am looking forward to hearing more" "Fascinating story!" "swept away in this story about self-discovery" "I wanted more, much more." "Thought provoking!" "a fantastic story about self-discovery." "I absolutely loved it." "I definitely recommend reading this." "Filled with lushly descriptive language" "Surprised me with both its subject and quality." The people Diego encounters on the way and the faith they share will take him on a much longer journey, one that once would have seemed unimaginable. Candyfloss Guitar is the first book in the Reluctant Pilgrim series about one man's journey of self-discovery and the hope he will eventually bring to others. A journey both physical and spiritual, guided at times by the unlikeliest of angels!