A heartwarming, escapist romantic novel for fans of Elin Hilderbrand, Nora Roberts and Nancy Thayer.  Natalie isn’t a romantic. She doesn’t believe in true love, or destiny. She thinks that people are just plain lucky if they happen to find someone. It’s coincidence and nothing more.  As a wedding dress designer though, she knows she has to keep these feelings under wraps. Even if she’s suspicious that Harper, the bride she’s working with, might secretly agree with her. Because if Harper admitted she wasn’t sure about love, it might also mean giving up on a millionaire husband-to-be and the lavish island wedding of her dreams.  But, for Natalie, as her feelings develop for both her on-off boyfriend Chad, and for the boy-next-door Brayden, she starts to fear that her heart might not be as immune to love as she claims…  Could love have been there all along? And as the wedding approaches, who will find a happy-ever-after, who will find their way to themselves, and who will get left behind?   Readers love Laura Briggs:  ‘Sure to put a smile on your face!… This book is really like spending a long afternoon gossiping with your girlfriends… Absolutely recommend if you are a fan of books about strong women with strong female friendships with a splash of romance.’ Audio Killed the Bookmark  ‘Everything I wanted it to be and then some more. I absolutely loved this gorgeous story, straight from the beginning I was hooked on the characters and the storyline…. a wonderful, sweet, feel-good read… Get whisked away by Laura to the charming town and enjoy your stay there.’ Katie’s Book Cave, 5 stars  ‘I loved this book, it was just what the doctor ordered… filling you with happiness and hope for the future.’ Zooloo’s Book Diary  ‘A gorgeous, comforting, cosy read.’ Waggy Tales  ‘A wonderful sense of humour which shines through… a joy to read… I felt completely immersed… the perfect novel to read curled up on the sofa.’ Portable Magic  ‘Romantic and funny’ B for Bookreview, 5 stars  ‘You know when you near the end of a story and wish it could carry on, well this is exactly what I was feeling when I was reading those last few chapters… Beautiful, sweet and romantic!’ Rae Reads, 5 stars   ‘Loved this book very much. It had just enough sweet romance and the storyline was great! I highly recommend!’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Light hearted and entertaining, as well as tender and loving throughout… Such a lovely romantic book’ Stardust Book Reviews