The Norwegian Anne Tyler makes her English debut in a beautiful, bittersweet novel of rich insights and extraordinary perception, as a family drama creates a quiet earthquake…   ‘The most beautiful, elegant writing I’ve read in a long time. If you love Anne Tyler, you will ADORE this’ Joanna Cannon   ‘Absolutely loved its quiet, insightful generosity’ Claire King When Liv, Ellen and Håkon, along with their partners and children, arrive in Rome to celebrate their father’s seventieth birthday, a quiet earthquake occurs: their parents have decided to divorce. Shocked and disbelieving, the siblings try to come to terms with their parents’ decision as it echoes through the homes they have built for themselves, and forces them to reconstruct the shared narrative of their childhood and family history. A bittersweet novel of regret, relationships and rare psychological insights, A Modern Family encourages us to look at the people closest to us a little more carefully, and ultimately reveals that it’s never too late for change…   ‘It is the most satisfying book that I’ve read in a long time, and the most clear-eyed, honest, yet sympathetic examination of relationships that I have ever read. The subtlety with which she portrays the inconsistencies between how the characters see each other versus how they see themselves is masterful’ Sara Taylor   ‘There is a hint of Ingmar Bergman in this portrayal of a completely normal family, it delves deep and wrenches your heart’ Adresseavisen   ‘Completely gripping in its intimacy, it's a really deep delve into relationships but also a stark dissection of the illusions we rely on about who we are. Another hit from Orenda Books’ Live Many Lives   ‘A beautifully written and highly thought-provoking literary novel exploring the psychology and practicalities of marriage, commitment and individuality … There’s so much bubbling under the surface here, revealing not only how much the characters DO know about each other, but also how much they DON’T, plus all of the secrets they’ve been trying to hide. A Modern Family is honest and brutal – family life laid bare, down to its deepest foundations’ Off-the-Shelf Books   ‘Flatland writes with an elegance that one just savours with the greatest of delight. There's also subtle humour and a shrewd and insightful examination of the psychology of family, and of loss. A Modern Family is not just good, it is masterful. It is fresh and original, with a depth of vision that is breath taking. Expertly translated by Rosie Hedger, I have no doubt that this novel will feature in my best of the year list’ Random Things Through My LetterboxWINNER OF THE NORWEGIAN BOOKSELLERS’ AWARD