ALPHA BAD BOYSSeven authors bring you the hottest alpha bad boys and the women who love them. Billionaires, athletes, rockers, Doms, and cowboys, all in one collection, because why should you have to choose?Their Virgin Captive (Masters of Ménage #1): Shayla Black and Lexi BlakeBrothers Gavin, Slade, and Dex, fall hard for Gavin’s new secretary, beautiful Hannah Craig. The oil executives know they must give her time to get to know them before she can choose one…who will seduce the virgin and keep her for his own.Try Me (One Night with Sole Regret #1): Olivia Cunning Melanie has no desire to meet the members of the rock band, Sole Regret, but her groupie of a best friend gets them both backstage and then rushes off with the band's lead singer. Will Melanie and the band's drummer, Gabe, only share a single night of passion?Tempt Me (One Night with Sole Regret #2): Olivia Cunning Madison will take one more hot-and-heavy night with Sole Regret's sexy lead guitarist Adam before she cuts all ties with him for good. She has no problem tempting Adam into her bed, but can she tempt his heart into taking a chance on love?One Night Forever (The Cinderella Chronicles #1): Lisa Renee JonesShe's a struggling good girl taking care of a sick mother. He's the hot one night stand that she dared indulge in a year before...and now he's her sexy, rich new boss. Fate has thrown Lauren into the arms of a man who takes her to the absolute edge of passion, but will he destroy her career in the process?
  Ask For It
: Selena BlakeTrevor Wyatt has lusted for journalist JJ Fairchild since before he retired from the NFL. Now she's back in his life and he's not going to miss the opportunity to show her just how good they could be together.Tucker's Fall (Purgatory Masters #1): Eliza GayleScandalized professor Maggie Cisco returns to her hometown to lick her wounds and reconsider her future when a snowstorm puts her in the path of stunningly handsome, insanely rich and equally intense, Tucker Lewis.
  Educating Ansley
: Cat JohnsonSociety girl Ansley Craig’s is banished to a ranch in Colorado, just for having a little too much fun at a graduation party. She expects to find cows and boredom. What she doesn’t count on are the Kane brothers.