Alternate cover edition for B007SX896ESleeping Beauty WAKES UP! IN A NUTSHELL: "While You Were Sleeping" meets "Memento." BOOK DESCRIPTION: Sure, Claire Beau thought about sleeping with her doctor. With his moss green eyes and sexy petulance, neurologist Brendan Charmant is definitely worth fantasizing about. But she didn’t actually do it…did she?Claire should be able to answer this simple question, but she has no idea. What she’s sure of: She met Dr. Charmant for an appointment one day, and woke up at home six weeks later to find that they are in the middle of a whirlwind love affair, a claim bolstered by her brother, their friends, and the weeks of steamy emails and text messages they’ve exchanged. Claire is afflicted with “Sleeping Beauty Syndrome,” a mysterious disorder that causes her to sleep for days at a time, and black out for entire weeks. Despite having no memory of their romance, Claire’s more than willing to fall for the seemingly perfect Brendan Charmant (again). After all, doesn’t every girl deserve a Prince Charming?Sure, she knows that her best friend, the hot, blonde, tanned surfer, Davin Wibbens, thinks she deserves better. Still she’s crushed when he abandons their friendship over her decision to continue dating Brendan. She soon finds that getting to know Brendan--who already knows everything about her--feels less like falling in love, and more like a Prince Charming job interview. With her relationship with Brendan fizzling, Claire longs for Davin's familiar, flirty company.But when Brendan’s arrested for a heinous crime against her that she can’t recall, and Davin disappears and is feared dead—all in a matter of days—Claire realizes that sometimes the best way to make your dreams come true might be to just stay asleep. So why is she risking everything to save them all from this hellish, waking nightmare?***NOTE TO READERS***Sleeping Beauty WAKES UP! was written in response to readers who were dissatisfied with the ending of my bestseller, Sleeping Beauty (published September 2011).Sleeping Beauty WAKES UP! is a "standalone novel," which means that if you've never read Sleeping Beauty, you are not at a disadvantage. The good news is that if you get to the end of this novel and are dissatisfied with the outcome, Sleeping Beauty is available with a drastically different outcome (well, for the romance genre at least).