Forget SEALS, Marines, Fighter Pilots — I have the most dangerous job in the world. And I love it.James Spears is part of an elite group who lives and breathes danger. Where others run from it, he walks towards it, calm, focussed ice-cold. James is a top EOD operative. Explosive… Ordnance… Disposal…You’d call him a bomb disposal expert. Or crazy. A guy with a death wish. He’s heard it all before and he doesn’t give a shit. He’s the best. They say he doesn’t have blood in his veins, he has ice. They say he has no nerves.All that’s about to be tested.Amira is recruited by the CIA to infiltrate a terrorist cell living in rural Pennsylvania. She’s the perfect plant, no one would ever suspect her. Because her brother was killed when a bomb was dropped on the Syrian hospital where he was working as a doctor. And now hate burns deeply inside her. She’s perfect.That’s what they tell James when he’s told to train her to be the best damn bomb-maker there is. In a secret camp, deep in the woods, James teaches her everything he knows about building bombs. He’s not a praying man, but now he’s really hoping that he’s doing the right thing.Can he trust her? Will she ever trust him? Who is playing who? And who will pay the ultimate price?Codename: Hansel and GretelBook 1 in the EOD (Explosive Ordnance Disposal) Series.* * * * *A Note About This BookThis hasn’t been an easy book to write for lots of different reasons — it’s important to me, so getting the research right has been tricky.But I have close friends from the EOD community, and close friends from the Muslim community, who have helped and guided me through.They have guided and advised, but ultimately it’s my book, so any mistakes are mine and mine alone.The aim is to be respectful to both communities, and to tell a story of love and compassion in a very dark place.There may be ‘triggers’ for some people in the story, so please be advised.In the end, it’s a love story, not a hate story, and I hope that’s the part that remains with you.