A stolen child, an omega who never gave up, and an Alpha who will stop at nothing to bring them together again…  Detective Dean Garza has almost everything an Alpha could ask for: a challenging career, a big, wonderful, wacky family and a comfortable place to come home to at the end of a long day. What he doesn’t have is the omega he always imagined he’d be able to share it all with at this point in his life.  When a troubled kid gets dropped off at the station on Thanksgiving eve with nowhere to go, taking him in for the holidays is a given. When the young Alpha makes it clear that all he wants for Christmas is a reunion with the birth parents he’s never given up hope of finding, Dean sets out on a mission to get him the closure he needs to move on with his new adoptive family. He never counted on getting so attached, much less imprinting on Gavin’s birth father. Dean tells himself that love and good intentions alone can’t make a single Alpha and an omega with a dark past a suitable family, but his heart has other ideas the moment he meets Max.  ~ Max has spent 12 years searching tirelessly for the infant son who was taken from him by an Alpha who refuses to stay in the shadows of the past. The omega does what it takes to get by, even if that means selling pieces of himself another took long ago. He’s worked with an string of private investigators, but now that he’s met one who’s finally closing in on the truth of what happened to Max’s son, the omega knows something has to change if he’s going to be the father he always wanted to be.  When Detective Garza shows up unannounced, Max is sure he’s just another henchman from his ex sent to keep him quiet. Instead, the handsome Alpha proves to be a threat of a whole different kind.  This is a steamy holiday M/M MPREG romance meant to be read as a standalone, set in the same non-shifter omegaverse as the Undercover Alphas series. Get ready to unwrap some sizzling scenes, heartwarming moments and a guaranteed Happily Ever After. Approximately 43,000 words. 