Fans of Cathy Bramley, Debbie Johnson and Jenny Colgan will fall in love with the Cosy Kettle café, where slices of lemon meringue pie are served in the sun-dappled garden – and where Callie’s new beginning collides with an old flame…  After yet another failed romance, twenty-six-year-old Callie Fulbright is giving up on love. She’s determined to throw all her efforts into her very own, brand-new café: The Cosy Kettle. Serving hot tea, cherry tarts and a welcoming smile to the friendly locals proves to be the perfect distraction, and Callie feels a flush of pride at the fledging business she’s built.  But her new-found confidence is soon put to the test when her gorgeous ex reappears in the quaint little village. She’ll never forget the heartache Noah caused her years ago, but when they bump into each other on the cobbled streets of Honeyford she can’t help but feel a flutter in her chest…  As Callie and Noah share laughter and memories, she starts to wonder if this could be her second chance at happiness. But when Callie discovers that someone is mysteriously trying to ruin the café’s reputation… she has an awful suspicion that Noah knows who’s involved.  Was she wrong to ever trust him again? And can she find out who’s behind the lies and rumours, before it’s too late for the Cosy Kettle?  Readers are loving Liz Eeles’ books:  ‘Stunning… Perfect… Serious laugh-out-loud moments… Absolutely gorgeous.’ The Cosiest Corner  ‘Magical… A gorgeous read, perfect for snuggling up in a blanket with a warm drink. I enjoyed every second of this wonderful story!’ Simona’s Corner of Dreams  ‘An idyllic, beautifully written, heart-warming story that made my heart swell with joy… Absolutely beautiful; I love everything about this book.’ The Writing Garnet Blog  I absolutely adored this book!!… It's just too good!!… A very special feel good book, that will have you laughing out loud, shedding a tear, falling in love … I really can't recommend this book enough!!!… A perfect read.’ Dash Fan Book Reviews  ‘Completely delightful… enveloped me with a huge hug… I loved the whole feel of the book… had me smiling… gave me a warm fuzzy feeling.’ Rachel’s Random Reads, 5 stars  ‘Fantastic… Hilarious… I am loving Liz Eeles’ writing style, she has a great way of describing her characters so that they feel so real.’ Rachel’s Random Reads  ‘A breath of fresh air… I knew I was going to love this book and I wasn't wrong. This is without a doubt a fabulous read and one that will no doubt get this author a huge following as I for one can not wait to read more by her.’ By The Letter Book Reviews  ‘I absolutely fell in love… A totally outstanding debut that made me giggle and maybe even tear up a few times, I highly recommend this book for anyone looking for a super fun, light read.