This life-affirming and hilarious novel is the perfect balm for the Insta-weary mind – get ready to shatter the illusion that is #LivingMyBestLife'A fun, fresh debut that manages to be both quirky and deep as it portrays today's obsession with social media' MILLY JOHNSON Recently dumped by her boyfriend of ten years, Bell is struggling to move on with her life – and surrender the fleecy pyjamas she’s been living in since January. Haunted by #blessed on social media, she can’t help but compare her life to those she follows online, wondering where she is going wrong . . .In the world of social media, Millie is the successful online influencer @mi_bestlife. But in real life she’s just a regular single mum trying to make ends meet, while fending off the younger competition and tenacious internet trolls. Her Instagram feed is far more #BestLie than #BestLife, and soon Millie begins to wish her life was more like her filters.It isn’t until Bell and Millie’s paths cross that they begin to realise what they’re both missing. Can Millie prove to Bell that life online isn’t always what it appears to be? And in return, can Millie learn that she needs to start living for the moment and not for the likes? Your favourite authors love LIVING MY  BEST LIFE:'Frank, funny and fearless in her observations on friendship and the lies we tell ourselves and each other, Claire Frost is a new voice to watch' STACEY HALLS, bestselling author of The Familiars'Fun, heart-warming and real. I loved it!' SARAH MORGAN, bestselling author of One Summer in Paris'Living My Best Life is fun, fresh and full of heart, with a lead character you’ll cheer for' MIRANDA DICKINSON, Sunday Times bestselling author 'In this funny, heartfelt portrait of friendship and community, Claire Frost has some sharp things to say about the dangers of perfectionism in our Instagram age. A hugely enjoyable debut – I raced through it' LOUISE CANDLISH, bestselling author of Our House'A warm-hearted and touching debut' ALICE PETERSON, acclaimed author of If You Were Here ‘Funny, charming and heart-warming’ ROSIE WALSH  ‘Fresh, funny and heart-warming, with themes of friendship and the importance of being true to yourself. I loved it!’ SARAH J. HARRIS  'Such a gorgeous book, full of heart, friendship and the importance of keeping it real' LAURA KEMP, author of The Year of Surprising Acts of Kindness'A fresh, funny take on Insta-life, full of warmth, wit and the kind of characters you miss when you reach the end' KATIE MARSH, bestselling author of My Everything'What a book! . . . Touching, joyful and smart' ALEX BROWN