Three bachelor dads are about to be single no more!Save big by buying the whole series in a boxed set!The Single Daddy Club: Derrick, Book 1The Single Dad:Ex-military man Derrick Richmond. Solitary and satisfied…until little Timmy was dropped into his lap and Derrick had to learn to be somebody's daddy.The Single Woman:Schoolteacher Anna Maxwell. Fate might have denied her a family of her own, but Anna still had plenty of love to give, if only someone would notice.The Solution:Anna would teach Derrick all he needed to know about kids. Father and son would give Anna some precious memories. Then the schoolteacher and the single dad would go their separate ways. Unless one little boy figured out a way to make Miss Maxwell become his mom!The Single Daddy Club: Jason, Book 2Desperate Daddy:Widowed police officer Jason Devlin. Taking care of his baby girl was usually a piece of cake – until his housekeeper quit, leaving Jason desperate enough to hire the first qualified person who rang his doorbell.Damsel in Distress:Runaway heiress Katie Smyth. The pampered debutante was about to take on her greatest challenge—her first job…as a nanny.Doorstep Deal:Jason was thanking his lucky stars that Katie had shown up at his house. She was the perfect nanny for his little girl—and beautiful beyond belief, leading Jason to rethink his single status. But just wait until he discovered who this nick-of-time nanny really was!The Single Daddy Club: Reece, Book 3The only remaining single guy in the Single Dad Club, Reece Newton. Marriage may be the answer for his friends, but not for this contented father of one. Of course, the right woman could change his mind…Endangered BeautyWoman in hiding, Maggie Dunlap. When someone ransacked her house and put her life in jeopardy, the lovely lady had nowhere to run—except into Reece's protective embrace.Eventual Bride?Against his better judgment, Reece offered Maggie a safe haven in his home. Her mere presence changed the lives of father and son more than he ever dreamed possible. But would Maggie ever get the bachelor dad to the altar?