Are your ideas stupid? Unreasonable? Or maybe just non-existing? If that is the case, We All Need Heroes is a book for you. Simon Zingerman, with his fantastic collection of anecdotes about the believable, unbelievable and always winning ideas, inspires even the most uninspired couch potato to get up and DO SOMETHING! - Elin Hermanson, Kulturellan. We All Need Heroes is the quite astonishing result of author Simon Zingerman's last project as a university student. As his thesis he compiled his favorite inspirational stories that he'd been gathering for almost three years and turned them into a book. Packed with 120 short-stories from all around the world, and from many different decades, We All Need Heroes celebrates people with brave and innovative ideas. Simon believes that the stories will convert the skeptical into believers, make heroes out of cowards and turn dull entrepreneurs and directors into trendsetters. Learn the importance of making enemies, why one should not strive to win awards and how you can practice to be in the right place at the right time. Read about impressive guerrilla marketing campaigns and stupid business ideas that made homeless people into millionaires. Learn to see things with new perspective and to step out of your comfort zone. Get encouraged to create something different. Start that business you've dreamed about but never had the guts to turn into reality. There is simply no limit on what you will gain by reading We All Need Heroes. The stories might be told about a completely different line of business than the one you're in, but the main idea behind them and the essence of finding new ways to tackle problems - are universal."By showing the greatness of others I strengthen myself in my profession. These projects and people have encouraged me to follow my crazy dreams and pursue my chosen career. I give examples of possible moral, lessons to be learned from each story, but of course they're free for you to interpret. I truly hope that my chosen favorites will continue to inspire others to dare take the step, and get the courage to do something different. Reading about other people's success stories will hopefully help you create your own!" - Simon Zingerman, Skyborn Works.