The highly anticipated new release from the groundbreaking, New York Times best-selling author of Medical Medium!Experience the next level of medical revelations. Packed with information you won’t find anywhere else about the Unforgiving Four—the threats responsible for the rise of illness—and the miraculous power of food to heal, this book gives you the ability to become your own health expert, so you can protect yourself, friends, family, and loved ones from symptoms, suffering, and disease. Unleash the hidden powers of fruits and vegetables and transform your life in the process. ANTHONY WILLIAM, the Medical Medium, has helped tens of thousands of people heal from ailments that have been misdiagnosed or ineffectively treated—or that medical communities can’t resolve. And he’s done it all by listening to a divine voice that literally speaks into his ear, telling him what is at the root of people’s pain or illness and what they need to do to be restored to health. In his first book, the New York Times bestseller Medical Medium, Anthony revealed how you can treat dozens of illnesses with targeted healing regimens in which nutrition plays a major role. Medical Medium Life-Changing Foods delves deeper into the healing power of over 50 fruits, vegetables, herbs and spices, and wild foods that can have an extraordinary effect on health. Anthony explains each food’s properties, the symptoms and conditions it can help relieve or heal, and the emotional and spiritual benefits it brings. And he offers delicious recipes to help you enjoy each food’s maximum benefit, from sweet potatoes with braised cabbage stuffing to honey-coconut ice cream. YOU’LL DISCOVER:Why wild blueberries are the “resurrection food,” asparagus is the fountain of youth, and lemons can lift your spirits when you’ve had bad newsThe best foods to eat to relieve gallstones, hypertension, brain fog, thyroid issues, migraines, and hundreds more symptoms and conditionsThe particular healing powers of kiwis, cucumbers, cat’s claw, coconut, and much moreInsight into cravings, how to use stress to your advantage, and the key role fruit plays in fertilityMuch of Anthony’s information is dramatically different from the conventional wisdom of medical communities, so don’t expect to hear the same old food facts rehashed here. Instead, expect to get a whole new understanding of why oranges offer more than just vitamin C—and a powerful set of tools for healing from illness and keeping yourself and your loved ones safe and well. Here are just a few highlights of what’s inside:Critical information about the specific factors behind the rise of illness and how to protect yourself and your familyFoods to repair your DNA, boost your immune system, improve your mental clarity, alkalize every body system, shield you from others’ negative emotions, and so much moreTechniques to make fruits, vegetables, herbs and spices, and wild foods the most healing they can be for your individual needsPlus targeted foods to bring into your life for relief from hundreds of symptoms and conditions, including:ANXIETYAUTOIMMUNE DISORDERSCANCERDIABETESDIGESTIVE PROBLEMSFATIGUEFOOD ALLERGIESINFERTILITYINFLAMMATIONINSOMNIALYME DISEASEMEMORY LOSSMIGRAINESTHYROID DISEASEWEIGHT GAIN