THE COMPLETE DAHLIA TRILOGY OF THE GILDED FLOWER SERIES (Contains all three books: Blue Dahlia, Black Dahlia and Red Dahlia)  DON’T MISS THE LILY TRILOGY, FEATURING DAHLIA’S TWIN, LILY BARON.* THE COMPLETE LILY TRILOGY (GILDED LILY, CALLA LILY AND TIGER LILY) NOW AVAILABLE.  *TRILOGIES MAY BE READ INDEPENDENTLY.  “This series is more than sexy it's absolutely amazing!” — Secret Book Madness  “I honestly recommend this entire series to any romance lover!” — Sweet, Beautiful, Moments in West FL  “I am a huge fan of this whole series.” — Red’s Hot Reads  “This series grabs my emotions and throws them all over the place.” — Secret Book Madness  “. . . the virtual pages almost combust in your hands it’s so hot, Vivian certainly knows how to heat things up. The Gilded series has been amazing to read.” — Home is Where the Wine Is  “Black Dahlia is a bold novella. It takes a lot of courage to do what Winslow did with the plot . . . I haven’t seen an author going like this, since that character from Harry Potter died.” — Crónicas de uma Leitora  Blue Dahlia (Book 1) – New York socialite Dahlia Baron is falling for her Latin lover, Rodrigo Cruz, the scion of the Mama Linda Latin foods empire, and hopes to take the relationship to the next level. But there’s a dark secret that she must deal with first in order to truly give her heart to him. When Dahlia visits the man from her past, will the undercurrents of her emotions let her go to Rodrigo or will they pull her back to the one person who stands between them?  Black Dahlia (Book 2) – Grieving from a tragic loss, a deeply depressed Dahlia retreats with her sister Lily and best friend Vi to a sun-soaked Indonesian paradise to heal. There, she meets soulful surfer Kai, who's seeking to escape from the demons of his own past. Can the spiritual and physical connection between them put back together the pieces of Dahlia's shattered heart?  Red Dahlia (Book 3) – Having discovered her mother’s and Shane’s devastating betrayal, a determined Dahlia seeks to find what was taken from her and to chart a new life for herself. With the help of Vi’s friend, Englishman Thomas Squires, a dashing and enigmatic clandestine operative, Dahlia chases leads across London and Paris. Will Dahlia be able to right the wrong and allow herself to love again?  EDITORIAL COMMENTS  “Vivian Winslow writes THE hottest erotica I’ve ever read . . . The best part is, it doesn’t read like just plain ol’ shagging; there’s as much emotion as there can be.” — Rhea’s Neon Journal “Blue Dahlia continues the five star tradition for the Gilded Series. I'm waiting with bated breath to see what Black Dahlia has in store.” — TNT Reviews  “This is my first book by Vivian Winslow and it most definitely will not be my last. I loved her style of writing . . . I couldn't put this book down. I highly recommend this book to anyone and everyone.” — Life, Books, and More . . .  “I thought there’s no way it can be that intense and unexpected . . . I was wrong. This one starts off with a bang and doesn’t stop.” — Smut and Bonbons  “I really loved this and just need to read more! Vivian did another great job!” — Serenity’s Lovely Reads  “Right off the bat I was sucked into the story . . . I can't wait to read more and see how it all turns out.