Jane Mitchell rode her difficult, high strung horse, Windsong, for almost a year with one goal in mind, "Make the North American Junior Team". Windsong was inconsistent in the show ring, sometimes making Jane fear for her life and sometimes performing so beautifully, even the judge wanted to cheer. She had one more chance to get a score high enough to raise her ranking into the top four. At the last qualifying show, Jane is running behind schedule, but still stops when she sees a pony buck its rider off. She leaps the fence to assist the fallen child despite the fact that she’ll miss having a proper warm-up. The kid is the daughter of famous Erica Flame, one of the most well-known Olympic riders in the nation. Erica is also the coach for the team. Stunned by her new acquaintance, Jane stumbles off to get her horse ready. Somehow, Jane must ride a great test despite having virtually no warm-up, having no Cory to soothe her frazzled nerves and being carefully watched by not just one, but two, Olympians, her nemesis, Melinda Kratz and the charming, yet arrogant Shawn, one of last year’s team members. So when Jane edges into fourth place and is nominated to the team, she is elated. that is, until she finds out who the other three members of the team will be. Melinda, who has been her rival for years, beating Jane in the show ring as they both advanced up the levels of dressage. Melinda makes sure she rubs it in Jane's face every time she wins. Alison McBride, a cool, sophisticated heiress who rides the most expensive horse her protective, obtuse father can buy. She is not a team player and sabotage is not beneath her. Then there is Shawn Delaney, easy on the eyes, charming and determined to win Jane away from her boyfriend, Cory. The best young talent in the nation rides in this championship competition. These young adults are expected to perform consistently and professionally with none of the drama that teenagers thrive upon. Can Jane keep up with these kids, can she become a valuable team member, does she have what it takes or will her tendency toward overreacting be her undoing? Once again, this is a story that will captivate young adults and women alike. Equestrians or anyone who loves the thrill of competitive sports will enjoy the journey one ordinary girl takes to become an extraordinary dressage rider. If only mastering her horse was the only skill she needed, Jane would be the victor. But she learns, as every teenager finds out, that there is more to success and failure than just winning a ribbon or blowing a class. Entertaining, as well as uplifting, Jane and Windsong will capture your heart.