Bury farm is a story about being different, exploring the possibilities of compromise.When the beast enters a world dominated by man, battle is inevitable.Jack Wood was handsome, dark and mysterious. He wasn't the youngest but he was the one who chose to take one step further: Jack had a hunger no other man would ever understand, but it was his greed for knowledge and his wanting to be like everyone else which would test to the full his true survival instinct.As a youngster Jack experienced the education he craved: As a young man he worked alongside those he thrived to be like: out amongst those he was told should be avoided Mr. Jack wood the adult, experienced love: a love which was to divide those who should remain united. Meeting in college the young couple Jack and Trixie were happy, but after five years of togetherness would Trixie Hampshire still love and remain loyal to her man. Once the truth was revealed? Would Jack be able to continue to keep his secret? Or would his need to be like everyone else, threaten the survival of his kind beyond repair.Crossing into mans world meant facing dangers never before experienced. A new world introduced new rules and new routines, as each adapted to a whole new way of living, none saw the dangerous. Out alongside civilisation, each had a secret which must be kept. Instructed never to cross breed, none must ever feast upon human flesh, but rules were made to be broken and sometimes man fails to tame the beast. Life within the boundary restricted isolation should have been idyllic. Together they were strong and as a family they were loyal, but as individuals each struggled to keep hidden the fact that they were not as they seemed.In a land where the moon was not forever full and freedom held restrictions. Wood was to be this families name and Bury Farm this family’s home. In what was to be their new world things would be different, no longer would what had been routine be regarded as natural nor accepted as necessary.A family of farmer’s, self contained and self sufficient: That was how others were to perceive the Wood family of Bury Farm. What they were, could be seen to be mythical monsters living on the edge of civilisations, hovering over the invisible line which instinct urged each to cross in order to fulfil the needs of the beast within, that was the truth. That was the werewolf.