The political becomes intensely personal in these seven new romances, featuring characters who love as passionately as they resist...The Girl in the Picture by Chelsea M. CameronWhen a picture of Saylor Talbot at a protest goes viral, she's inundated with interview requests. She meets with journalist Echo Nguyen and sparks fly. They'll have to keep things above board until their professional relationship is over. But can they hold off until then?The Suit and the Doll by Zoey CastileSofia Bernal has lost everything. After dropping out of law school, she makes ends meet by working admissions at a stripclub near Wall Street. She's trying to pull herself together when a tipsy customer changes her life. Rory Donovan is a small town boy in the big city. Working for a land developer was supposed to help him save his family's legacy. But when he's assigned a project that goes against his ethics, he goes into a downward spiral and winds up at a stripclub. Can a passionate night help two strangers find answers to their troubles? Nature's Heart by KD FisherPublic-interest attorney Harry Walsh has dedicated his life to promoting environmental justice. He may be young but he refuses to give up in the face of a challenge. Max Novak is exhausted. He's sick of the government's crappy environmental track record and he's pissed off that a proposed natural gas pipeline could wreak havoc on the land he loves.Neither man can deny the chemistry between them, even if Harry knows a relationship with a client could prove disastrous for his career. As Harry and Max work to oppose the pipeline, both men worry they'll be unable to resist their attraction with nearly as much conviction.Fight Fire with Fire by Sionna FoxFrannie Thorpe is on the verge of getting everything she ever wanted, crowned by an exhibition of the work of a late queer photographer--until her funding is jeopardized by a would-be senator with an eye on slashing public funding for "pornography."Ashley Patterson, Sampson's muse and erstwhile indie music darling, steps in to help close the funding gap. Working together creates sparks, but neither woman is prepared for the fire between them. Schooling Her by Robin LovettHeadmistress Regina Masterson has a problem bigger than the pay gap among her faculty. The new school dean, Phillip Young, is too good at both his job and turning her on. Working together to change a conservative school culture may be easier than resisting the man she hired. If they're not careful, Phillip may end up headmastering Regina all over her desk on their way to equal pay for equal work.A Safe Place by Rebecca VaughnWhen opera student Jonas takes refuge from bullies in a record store, he gets more than just a place to hide. He discovers Troy, the handsome clerk he's been crushing on, is none other than the infamous Oak Leaf, whose "Love is Love" street art has been making waves. Troy invites Jonas on an adventurous subversive art installation, where sparks ignite as they question the role of art in the face of oppression.Taking Aim by Jeanette GreyTeacher Julie Chao never wanted to be an activist. But after a shooting at her school, she can't stay silent any longer. When a mysterious stranger offers advice on getting her message out, she takes it. But the man is clearly hiding something. They may have chemistry, but how can she trust him once she finds out who he really is?