A touching story about a girl and her dog, perfect for young animal loversEleven-year-old Charlie Reese has been making the same secret wish every day since fourth grade. She even has a list of all the ways there are to make the wish, such as cutting off the pointed end of a slice of pie and wishing on it as she takes the last bite.But when she is sent to the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina to live with family she barely knows, it seems unlikely that her wish will ever come true. That is, until she meets Wishbone, a skinny stray dog who captures her heart, and Howard, a neighbor boy who proves surprising in lots of ways. Suddenly Charlie is in serious danger of discovering that what she thought she wanted may not be what she needs at all.From award-winning author Barbara O'Connor comes a middle-grade novel about a girl who, with the help of a true-blue friend, a big-hearted aunt and uncle, and the dog of her dreams, unexpectedly learns the true meaning of family in the least likely of places.This title has Common Core connections.Praise for Wish"At school, at home, and in the community, the characters and settings are well drawn, but it's the narrator's convincing, compelling voice that will draw readers into the novel and keep them there until her wish finally comes true." --Booklist"The many ways [Charlie] wishes form something of a catalog of folk and family traditions and are delightful all by themselves....Speaking in an honest voice revealing her hurt, resentment, and vulnerability, Charlies explains how her wish comes true. A warm, real, and heartfelt tale." --Kirkus Reviews"O'Connor again finds the sweet spot for young readers who are beyond early chapter books but not quite ready for the cynicism and/or complexity of much tween-into-teen lit. Bertha, Gus, and the Odoms are certainly awash in goodness, but their big-heartedness never devolves into sentimentality." --The Bulletin"Like a generous portions of grits, Wish makes the world a little better." --Bookpage"This heartwarming story is not to be missed." --Kidsreads