"This book made me smile and feel good about love and life and at the same time kept me guessing and even made me shed some tears. All in all, it is one of my favorite books I've read this year." Beth - YA Sisterhood"I am so in love with this story. I wasn't expecting to be so emotionally affected by this book. I definitely cried my eyes out. I was pulled in from the very beginning." CAOakley Book Reviews"The only reason I put this book down last night was because my eyes were completely dried out and could not stay open for a second longer. I started reading again the second I woke up this morning, and I didn’t stop until I read the last page. Needless to say, it’s addicting!" Reading, Eating & Dreaming I was Blair Waldorf"This book is definitely going on my top shelf! - I can’t put my finger on what exactly moved me most…the characters who were wonderful and vivid, the love story that was a delicious slow burn - it was all of these things that touched me and I can’t wait for the next book!!" Ana - The Book Hookup"The romance is sweet, it’s intense, it’s a slow burn, it’s AMAZING. I fell in love and I cried….I need more!" Celeste - The Book Hookup~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~According to Albert Einstein, the distinction between past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion. He might have been right.Seventeen-year-old Jessie McLeod is used to getting glimpses of the past when she touches objects in her dads antique shop, but she's not used to the past looking back. Especially when the past is a gorgeous guy and she is dressed like a slob.Shocked and intrigued, Jessie becomes obsessed with trying to catch another glimpse of that perfect face. When thoughts of him invade her sleep, the dreams seem so real that she wakes with the feel of his lips lingering on her skin. Soon after, however, the one guy she thought she’d never date suddenly asks her out. Either something strange is going on, or all those years of using furniture cleaner finally caused brain damage.Brain damage is easy enough to believe—until the day she turns around and looks straight into the face from her dreams. Completely unaware, Jessie is now in a race against time to remember something important, something life-changing, and the one person who can tell her the truth doesn’t dare to—she must remember on her own.With only a week before senior year, the once self-assured Jessie is now sure of nothing. Well, maybe one thing. Everything’s been turned upside down, and it's all because of that stupid mirror she found in the shop on Monday and the glimpse that changed her future—maybe even her past.