Dominant billionaires. Secrets and blackmail. Fantasies come true. Shades of Pleasure brings you five books from New York Times and USA Today Bestselling author Tawny Taylor. This decadent five book bundle of novellas contains: What He Wants, At His Mercy, Pleasing Him, Ties that Bind and Enslaved by Sin--a total of over 90,000 words. What He Wants (My Alpha Billionaire, 1)Billionaire Shane Trant is used to getting what he wants. What he can't buy, he takes. When he sees Bristol Deatrich, he knows he wants her. But there's a problem. Only complete possession of her mind and body will satisfy him...At His MercySometimes freedom can only be gained through captivity...Elena Caine has secrets. The kind that could devastate her life if they're revealed. And now a selfish bastard is dragging the skeletons out of her closet. She's being blackmailed. There's no way out--but to turn to the man Elena trusts least, the quietly seductive Dom Kyler Pierce.Pleasing HimBritt Olsen is shocked when the man who bought her house, the gorgeous Andre Cruz-Romero, shows up at her front door a week after closing. Now Britt has her chance to get to know the enigmatic man who has inspired a fantasy or two, or more. But she is both shocked and thrilled to learn about Andre's extreme erotic tastes...Ties that BindIllusion. A word shaded with nuance, making the men who practice it--the masters--enigmas. Particularly when they magically materialize from the shadows of a woman's past.It's been fifteen years. No longer the tormented young men Blair knew and loved so long ago, Damon and Trey still know how to touch her heart, how to draw out her secrets, and how to bring her to the edge of ecstasy. Blair has two weeks to unravel the ties that have bound the three of them together. Two weeks to solve the mysteries veiled by her seductive masters' illusions. And two weeks to surrender to the smoldering desires burning in her body as she submits to their darkest demands.Some ties can never be severed.Enslaved by SinOver two hundred years ago, the Master of Sin welcomed guests to Castle Greh, inviting them to taste decadent carnal pleasures every night. Now, some claimed the castle was haunted by the dark prince and his many lovers. She was about to learn the truth...