“Alexandra” is the SWEET &amp; CLEAN ROMANCE edition of “Lost In Temptation” by Lauren RoyalAlexandra Chase has always liked being the perfect daughter, thank you very much. Why would she bother chafing against society’s restrictions when instead she could be basking in the warm glow of its approval? But when her brother’s best friend—and secret obsession—returns from a long spell abroad, she begins losing interest in the suitable young lord she’s expected to marry. Suddenly, family duty and a flawless reputation seem less important than the chance, however slight, that her girlhood crush might notice her now that she’s all grown up…Tristan Nesbitt has done some growing up himself over the last few years, what with moving across oceans, inheriting a title, and facing a devastating scandal. But through it all, he’s never forgotten the Chases, the closest thing he had to a family back in his school days. When his old friend Griffin Chase requests a favor, he’s happy to oblige, as long as he can maintain enough distance from the family that his infamous past won’t tarnish their good name. Unfortunately, one Chase seems intent on getting much closer to him than she should…
  BOOK DETAILS
• Humorous historical romance• Book One of Lauren &amp; Devon Royal's sweet romance Regency Chase Brides series• A full-length novel• Connected to Lauren &amp; Devon Royal’s sweet romance Renaissance Chase Family Series• PG-rated: Kisses only, no love scenes!This e-book includes Bonus Material: an Author's Note, a preview of Lauren and Devon’s next book, and a link to an online contest where you can enter to win a piece of jewelry.
  CONNECTING BOOKS
While ALEXANDRA can be read as a stand-alone novel, many readers enjoy reading it as part of a series. All of Lauren &amp; Devon’s books feature Chase family members. Should you wish to read them in chronological order, this is the sequence:Regency Chase Brides1815 - ALEXANDRA (Tristan &amp; Alexandra)1816 - JULIANA (James &amp; Juliana)1817 - CORINNA (Sean &amp; Corinna + Griffin &amp; Rachael)Renaissance Chase Family Series1549 - ALICE BETROTHED (Adam &amp; Alice)More coming soon!