From powerful businessmen to dominating bachelors who won't take no for an answer, this exclusive Billionaire Romance boxed set includes some of the hottest stories ever published by popular romance authors!Download 9 scorching hot tales of seduction featuring wealthy men from all walks of life. These irresistible bad boys will take you on a wild ride that will leave you breathless!This boxed set collection features stories from popular authors including: USA Today & NY Times Bestsellers Julia Kent and Aubrey Rose, Top 100 Kindle and Nook Bestsellers Krista Lakes, Adriana Hunter and Melanie Marchande, and Bestselling Authors Artemis Hunt, Starla Cole, Cerys du Lys, and Liliana Rhodes!HER FIRST BILLIONAIRE by Julia KentCaught between two men- literally- who turned out to be roommates and secret billionaires, Laura makes a startling discovery about her own capacity for passion.THE WOMAN OF THE BILLIONAIRE’S DREAMS by Krista LakesTracy has been stepped on all her life, but when a car accident leaves her with the ability to enter other people's dreams, an opportunity arises. Will Tracy be able to break out of her shell in order to seduce billionaire Paul Hayes?SHATTERED by Adriana HunterCurvy Katherine is tired of the daily grind. She craves something new... something exciting. There is one thing that she does look forward to every day- the meetings with her ruggedly handsome billionaire boss, Matt Donaldson. Known for his impossibly good looks and unbelievable wealth, he's loved by many and hated by many more. Katherine never thought Matt noticed her until he comes to her rescue. That sets the pace for a dangerous game of complete submission.ME, CINDERELLA? by Aubrey RoseOne kind deed can change your life forever...Brynn has spent her life trying to forget her desires, and Eliot's deep wounds have taken nearly a decade to heal. After so much hurt, will either of them be able to open their hearts again?THE PRETEND BOYFRIEND by Artemis HuntSamantha is clumsy and totally in need of a new boyfriend by this weekend. Her younger sister is getting engaged. Enter Brian Morton. He is gorgeous, rich, snarky, and utterly promiscuous. He was also the bully who made Sam's middle school life a living hell. A series of bizarre events results in Brian losing a bet. His punishment? To be Sam's slave for the weekend... and do anything she wants.NO REGRETS by Liliana RhodesLife hasn't been perfect for plus sized Deborah. Working in a department store isn't great, but it has its perks and she meets one in the form of a man she calls "Mr. Sexy". William King isn't just any man though, he's an ultra-private billionaire heir. When Will's mysterious past puts the two lovers in danger, will the truth bring them closer together or finally tear them apart?I MARRIED A BILLIONAIRE by Melanie MarchandeMaddy has given up on marriage- and men. But when her rich (and sexy) boss Daniel Thorne proposes an arrangement of convenience that would allow him to stay in the country, and Maddy to never work another day in her life, she might get more than she bargained for. By the end of their sham relationship, Maddy finds herself wondering if the money will be enough to repair the cost of a broken heart. But Mr. Thorne may have a secret in store...THE EXHIBITIONIST by Starla ColeErik, a BDSM master Syria met at a bondage exhibition, offers her an opportunity to join his life of beauty, wealth and power as his personal escort and exhibitionist. But on Christmas Eve, Syria will have to choose between a life of luxury without love, and the Santa stripper who just may hold her heart.THE BILLIONAIRE'S ULTIMATUM by Cerys du LysFalling in love wasn't part of Jessika's job description. Nor was being asked by billionaire CEO Asher Landseer to become an egg donor and surrogate for his infertile wife. All Jessika wants to do is help, but is she setting herself up for heartbreak in the process?