As she opened her eyes and took in her surroundings a feeling of terror ran through her weakened body. She knew exactly where she was. And she knew exactly what was about to happen to her...When Ella Tate stumbles into Black Rock Falls, her exhausted and bloodied body is a terrifying sight, but not as frightening as the story she has to tell. Ambushed on their way into town when they stopped to help a man by the side of the highway, Ella and her friend Sky ran when he pulled an ax on them. But only one of them got away.As Detective Jenna Alton investigates the case, she looks into the history of missing persons in the town, and uncovers more cases - all young people. All stopped on the same stretch of highway into town. All vanished without a trace.When a distinctive pink sweater belonging to Sky turns up in Black Rock Falls, Jenna follows the trail to a derelict building on the outskirts of town. But she isn't prepared for what lies behind those doors. Can she stop the killer before more lives are lost?If you like Robert Dugoni, Karin Slaughter and Rachel Abbott you'll love this nail-biting thriller from D.K. Hood.**Each Kane and Alton book can be read as part of the series or as a standalone**What people are saying about D.K. Hood:'Wow!!! I read this book in one sitting... gripping... I was swept away.' Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars'WOW, WOW, WOW!!!!! ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!... From literally the first page you're hooked and gripped!! Kept me on the edge of my seat throughout. I just couldn't put it down... My new all time favourite author!!... I just wish I could've given it more than five stars!!!' Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars'Wow, this book was amazing... totally thrilling and had me hanging on to every word... Leaves you wanting more... Well worth 5 stars, in fact I wish I could give it more.' Bonnie's Book Talk, 5 stars'GO AND READ THIS BOOK!' Loving Life Everyday'I absolutely love D.K. Hood... An amazing author!!... A book that I absolutely devoured!' Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars'Oh my flipping goodness!!... kept me guessing until the very last page... I cannot fault this book at all.' The Writing Garnet'I did not want this book to end! But it was so good that I was reading faster and faster!' Musings of a Tired Mummy'I was riveted. And I simply had to know how it would all end. I'd read the author again in a heartbeat!' Goodreads Reviewer'From the beginning this book was intense!... I was on the edge of my seat!... Make sure to keep the lights on!' Touch My Spine Book Reviews