Michelle Gomez, who last played the Doctor's best friend and wicked enemy, Missy, in the Doctor Who television series in 2017, returns to her role in some brand new audio adventures from Big Finish Productions made in arrangements with BBC studios. 1.1 Spoonful of Mayhem by Roy Gill. In a spot of bother in Victorian London, Missy is forced to take on governess duties but she has another scheme in mind, and her charges are simply in the way. She's going to have to teach the children some rather harsh lessons about getting what you want. And there will be tears before bedtime. 1.2 Divorced, Beheaded, Regenerated by John Dorney. Missy arrives in Tudor England, throwing the plans of another renegade Time Lord into chaos. King Henry VIII is on the throne, and aliens are stomping through the countryside. Missy just wants to be Queen. And the Monk? Once he knows who else is on the scene, he'll be glad just to stay alive. 1.3 The Broken Clock by Nev Fountain. Tonight, on Dick Zodiac's America's Most Impossible Killers, Detective Joe Lynwood hunts the most impossible killer of his career. There's a trail of bodies. Impossible bodies. And Joe has one long night to solve the case. Luckily, D.I. Missy Masters from Scotland Yard in England, London, England is here to help. 1.4 The Belly of the Beast by Jonathan Morris. Missy's scheme nears completion. All she must do is subjugate one little planet and bend the inhabitants to her will. Not too much to ask. But slaves will keep rebelling. It's almost as if they don't want to unearth an ancient artifact to fulfill Missy's plans for universal domination. She'll have to do something about that. CAST: Michelle Gomez (Missy/Matis), Rufus Hound (The Monk), Oliver Clement (Oliver Davis), Bonnie Kingston (Lucy Davis), Simon Slater (Montague Davis / Moses Walker / Coachman), Dan Starkey (Mr. Cosmo / Park Keeper / Old Man / Sphinx), Beth Chalmers (Djinn / Housemaid), Maggie Service (Catherine Parr), Leighton Pugh (Sir Foxcroft / Gramoryan 1 / Priest), Graham Seed (Gramoryan 2 / Taverner / Squire), Kenneth Jay (Dick Zodiac), Guy Paul (Joe Lynwood), Ryan Forde Iosco (The Actor Playing Joe Lynwood), Daniel Goode (Mark /Roy), Rachel Verkuil (Frankie and The Actress Playing Missy), Abbie Andrew (Aleyna), John Scougall (Cort / Guards), Lucy Goldie (Sath / Mother), Jason Nwoga (Doctor Goodnight), Jamie Laird (Mister Bryce / Father). Other parts played by members of the cast.