The Feminine Mysteries Long Forgotten...An Ancient Wisdom Text Revealed . . .  www.GaiaCodex.com  Both an ancient, "found" wisdom text and a sumptuous, epic novel, Gaia Codex reveals the hidden histories of a world long forgotten, the secret wisdom of an ancient lineage of women, the Priestesses of Astera. Set in a near future of impending societal and environmental collapse, the novel is a tale of hope and remembrance, as well as an inspired vision of humanity's origins and of the potential we hold for conscious evolution.The Story...Lila Sophia had heard the whispered tales, stories of an ancient lineage of women, the Priestesses of Astera, who through the rise and fall of civilizations have protected codes of cultural and planetary rejuvenation, the Secrets to Life. Although these women have lived in every culture, few have known of their existence-until now. Born onto a planet in the throes of environmental and social crises, Lila's life implodes when her mother, Dominique, suddenly dies, and Lila is left with a mysterious illuminated manuscript that reveals that Lila is both a priestess and a genetic experiment called the Metamorphosis Project, a fusion of alchemy and magic designed to rebalance humanity's relationship with the Mother Earth. In search of her sister-priestesses and further understanding of her origins, Lila journeys from the mythic countryside of Glastonbury to Delphi, to an ancient hidden temple in the center of Paris, and finally, into the heart of the Amazon jungle. On her quest, Lila learns how to use her mutation to benefit Life. She also must decide between two passionate loves: a wise and beautiful sister-priestess, Rhea, and a mysterious man Theo, who has been waiting for her for millennia.Explore More: www.GaiaCodex.com~~~(O)~~~~EARLY REVIEWS: Sarah Drew's Gaia Codex has the ring of truth disguised as fiction. Gripping, urgent in its message, and rich with relatable characters, Gaia Codex transported me to a world so radiant that I was disheartened to come back to reality . . . even in my disappointment about how many of us have tragically lost touch with our divine nature and with Mother Earth, I am filled with hope that one day, such fiction might become real life. Lissa Rankin, MD, New York Times bestselling author of Mind Over Medicine: Scientific Proof That You Can Heal Yourself  Gaia Codex is a deep journey into the past and future to discover how we can live right now. Sarah Drew reveals not only the beauty of nature, but the better instincts of human nature to be key. Gaia Codex will deepen your love of this living planet and commitment to the great work ahead. Randy Hayes, founder, Rainforest Action NetworkAt this critical time in human history, an essential navigational instrument for our way forward is the renewal of our stories. Gaia Codex is an exquisite novel transmitted as a long-forgotten text and incantation reconnecting us to our living mother planet and feminine wisdom . . . Transformative and beautiful. Osprey Orielle Lake, founder, Women's Earth and Climate Caucus and award-winning author of Uprisings for the EarthGaia Codex is truly a terma (a sacred found text) for our times. Brilliant. Moving. Captivating. Enchanting. Illuminating. Fabulous. I laughed, I cried, I was transported into an altered state where every word echoed through my cells and awakened knowings and memories of the ages. The world you have imagined resonated in the very fabric of my being. It is not imagined. It is a dream reawakened. It is ten thousand lifetimes remembered and retold anew. Thank you for this Gift.Cynthia Jurs, founder, Earth Treasure Vase Project and Alliance for the EarthI LOVE this book! GAIA CODEX is a brilliant, timeless history of the Divine Feminine and provides an empowering map -to better understand where we have come from and where we are going. I believe all ages and inclinations will be fed by your offering. I am grateful for what you have done. It is exquisite. Thank you!!Kimberly Carter Gamble Producer, Director, THRIVE (the Movie) CEO, Clear Compass Media