*A DARK ROMANCE*BOSSI keep telling myself I won't fall into King's trap, but he's determined to make me one of his knights--a group of tops at his beck and call.He's not my king, but he wants to be--something he's made clear from day one. Sounds like some kind of twisted fairy tale, but it's just my life as a transfer student at a new university. Figured I'd be spending my time finding my way around this new school, but I spend most of it navigating King's mind games.He calls me Boss.That must mean I'm special, right? Or is it just another trick he's using to lure me in?I keep telling myself I shouldn't...I can't...I won't...But the more he pushes, the more I let my guard down. And soon, I find myself on one knee, bowing to my king...pulled into his messed-up Wonderland.The only rules we play by are the ones King has created.If it was all in good fun, that would be one thing. But what we share isn't healthy--it's toxic...dangerous. And for some reason, it's just what I need right now.These games bring forth something within me--a darkness I've tried to suppress. But now that darkness is pushing to the surface, and if I'm not careful, it might just tear me apart.KING OF LIARS is a 47K-word dark romance that features sharing partners (no equality--or attempt at equality--in the featured dynamic), depictions of a toxic relationship, flashbacks/mentions of past sexual/physical abuse against minors, offensive language, manipulation, humiliation, and self-harm.***For the first 90 days of this title's publication, all sales and page reads will be donated to AID Atlanta.KING OF LIARS is part of a multi-author series of books that take place in the same fictional town. Each story can be read in any order. The connecting element in the Ace's Wild series is an adult store owned by Ace and Wilder. The main characters from each book will make at least one visit to Ace's Wild, where they'll buy a toy to use in their story! The only characters who crossover to each book are Ace and Wilder. And with various heat levels, there's sure to be something for everyone!