Sometimes the end is the start of forever…  Emma and Nathan couldn’t be more different. But when they meet in a hospital waiting room, to the sound of a beating clock and surrounded by faded magazines, they are both terrified, nervous and alone. And they have one fatal thing in common…  Emma lives a quiet life. She works in a library. She looks after her disabled mother. She lives vicariously through the well-thumbed pages and cracked spines of her beloved books.  Nathan spends his days fifteen thousand feet above the ground, soaring through the air, stomach somersaulting, as a sky diving instructor. He lives hard and fast, treating every day like it’s his last.  As fate throws Emma and Nathan together, everything is about to change.  Emma has never been kissed, or tasted champagne, or travelled abroad. Nathan has never fallen in love, worn odd socks, or grown a sunflower from a seed.  Emma and Nathan vow never to waste an hour, knowing that goodbye could come all too soon. But as they lose their hearts to one another against all the odds, have they found each other too late?  An utterly heartbreaking yet ultimately uplifting novel about the redemptive power of love and how the end isn’t the end at all... Fans of Jojo Moyes, Jodi Picoult and Diane Chamberlain will lose their hearts to Catherine Miller’s stunning story.   
  Readers absolutely love Catherine Miller:
  ‘An emotional debut written straight from the heart.’ Julie Cohen  ‘Memorable characters and a life-enriching, emotional plot. Love it.’ Sue Moorcroft  ‘The last two chapters I read through tears. I sobbed my heart out… A mind-blowing, powerful and highly emotional read that will capture your heart and soul… Amazing.’ The Writing Garnet, 5 stars  ‘Funny, heartbreaking, romantic and poignant by turns, it’s everything you could want in a novel.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘A real page turner that will leave you with a smile!... It had me hooked right from the start, so much so I read it over two days (it would have been quicker had my three youngest children not been on school holidays).’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Tear-jerking, grin-provoking and poignant… A real page-turner and on the homeward stretch I announced to my long-suffering husband that we weren't going to bed until I'd finished it! A little gem.’ Samantha Tonge