In this elite school… locked high away in the Colorado mountains… it’s boys only. He’s a loner. Sebastian “Bash” Lowell is used to not fitting in or going with the flow. They call him a punk in the press, so he does his best to live up to the title. He’s practically a professional outcast at this point, having changed schools so many times he’s lost count. Bash learned long ago it’s far better to stand out than it is to fit in, so he’s made sure everything about him screams “back-off." Finding friends is more hassle than it’s worth when he knows he’s going to be gone again at his parents’ next whim. Bash fought to get into the elite, exclusive, private school to avoid his publicity-hungry parents who use him to fuel gossip and fend off far-reaching rumors. Having learned a few tricks from his vicious, media-savvy mother, Bash broke a few laws, ruffled the right feathers, and was exiled to Castle Pines. Now he gets to finish his high school career in peace and quiet, and in the same damn place. All Bash wants is to graduate and get on with his life outside the limelight. No attachments, school only, so he can focus on getting into his dream college. Nothing prepared him for Rutledge Darby. He’s a legacy. Rutledge “Edge” Alexander Darby IV has had everything in his life handed to him on a silver platter. They call him the preppy-billionaire-heir in the press, although he resists his title at every possible opportunity. Edge is American royalty, his last name synonymous with wealth and privilege. His family crest adorns the walls of the elite private school he’s attended since before he could walk. Castle Pines is all he’s ever known—a kingdom he’s ruled since birth. Everyone in his world wants something from him, and Edge isn't the type to give anything away for free. His life is simple. No attachments, no entanglements, and the only person he trusts to watch his back is his best friend. For their senior year, they fully plan to do as they please and raise as much hell as possible. Edge longs for something to surprise him. He's desperate for the unexpected. He’s ready for something real. Nothing prepared him for Bash Lowell. 