Lexic I'm a minion. Most of my kind don't venture out of their comfort zone to do anything beyond what the king they serve asks. It's just not in our nature. But I've never been like the rest of my kind. Though we have a king, even Grey would tell you I basically run the fifth kingdom. And I'm good at it. Really good. Unfortunately, my confidence in my abilities as an assistant to the king is really the only confidence I have. I know next to nothing about relationships. My comfort zone might be big for a minion, but it's still a zone with barrios I'm too scared to cross. And that is why I will never tell the man I want how I feel about him. There is just too much risk and I unfortunately know nothing about the possible reward.  Blalock  I'm old, I'm cranky and I've been pining for a man that can never be mine. I'm not good enough for him. All this time, I'd thought what I felt for Lexic was crazy. What normal person misses a man like he hasn't seen him in years when he literally just walked him to his bedroom door? That kind of obsession isn't normal, right? That's what I have thought these last four years. But then one night, Ragyn starts talking about his feelings for Grey and how all-consuming they are, and suddenly, I understand why I've been acting so crazy. Lexic is my mate. Unfortunately, it doesn't change anything. He's still way too good for me. He needs someone as extraordinary as him. Not a man whose life is predictable, but definitely not set in stone. Too bad I'd kill anyone who even though about touching him. So… I guess I'll just spend the rest of my life following this precious minion around, scaring off all the men that try to come into his life… and basically making him as miserable as I am.  Warning: Mpreg elements! (Though the MCs in this book aren't and cannot get pregnant, this is a spin-off series from my Chosen series. Occasional Mpreg characters might have cameos. You've been warned!)  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::  