Six heartwarming holiday novellas packed into this beautiful Regency Romance anthology. Light a fire, grab a cup of tea, and curl up beneath a warm quilt as you immerse yourself in a different era; one of romance, love and the spirit of Christmas.Then in a Twinkling: A Regency Christmas Caper by Anna BradleyOliver Angel has twelve days to win Dinah Bishop’s heart, but a wild journey from London to Essex threatens to doom Oliver’s courtship. Will this mismatched pair spend Twelfth Night buried in a snowbank, or will they find their happily-ever-after? It Happened at Christmas by Jenna JaxonExiled to Bath, Miss Portia Willingham writes to her uncle to cheer her up. However, the letter lands in the lap of Lord Benberry, who is intrigued by the spirited young woman. Against social protocol, they continue the illicit correspondence until Benberry insists on a meeting. Can they find a way to turn their forbidden correspondence into a Christmas romance? The Gift by Angelina JamesonSir Thomas blames himself for his sister’s disability and nothing her friend Lady Rose can say will change his mind. Lady Rose has been in love with so many men her flighty ways convince the town she could never be serious about one man. Can a Christmas gift open Thomas to love and forgiveness and show Rose the man she needs was right in front of her all along?A Promise Beneath the Kissing Bough by Tabetha WaiteCornell Reed is the bastard son of an earl. After living a raucous past, he’s content with a simple life. Or so he thought. Pleasant Hill has always yearned for something more, rather than toiling her days away. But as they each face their own challenges, is a Christmas miracle even possible?Her Accidental Groom by Nadine MillardLady Natalia’s father wants her home and married to a man of his choosing. Lord Benjamin Trafford needs a faux fiancée to inherit his aunt’s fortune and save his ailing estates. He thinks Natalia is a spoilt, pampered princess. She thinks Ben is an irresponsible, irritating pauper. But they need to pretend they’re getting married. What could possibly go wrong?The Perfect Christmas by Annabelle AndersShe’s a vicar’s sister with a past. He’s the rogue from her past. Will the magic of the Holidays be enough that these star crossed lovers can come together and celebrate the Perfect Christmas?