Joel Fuhrman, M.D., the New York Times bestselling author of Eat to Live, Eat to Live Cookbook, Super Immunity, The End of Diabetes, and The End of Dieting, presents a scientifically proven, practical program to prevent and reverse heart disease—coinciding with the author’s new medical study. Heart disease and strokes are the leading cause of death in the United States—but it isn’t inevitable. The cure for America’s most lethal killer doesn’t require expensive medications or rounds of invasive surgery. In fact 99 percent of heart disease–related deaths are entirely preventable with diet and nutrition. The cure for reversing heart disease is as simple as changing the food we eat.One of our country’s leading experts in both preventive medicine and the science of food, Dr. Fuhrman speaks directly to readers everywhere who want to take control of their health and avoid taking medication or undergoing complicated, expensive, unnecessary, and often ineffective procedures or surgery. He asserts that the public is rarely informed by their doctors of the most effective options for treating high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and heart disease. Nor are we provided an accurate evaluation of the true health risks from commonly prescribed drugs. Given this lack of vital information, how can we possibly make an intelligent and informed choice regarding a pill, procedure, or change in diet? Grounded in the latest scientific research and Dr. Fuhrman’s twenty-five years of clinical experience treating heart disease, The End of Heart Disease shows us how we can significantly lower cholesterol and blood pressure, reduce weight, heal obstructive coronary artery disease, and even eradicate advanced heart disease —all without the need for dangerous procedures like angioplasty or bypass surgery. Dr. Fuhrman shows us how to eat for optimal heart health, with a range of options for differing needs and conditions. He provides detailed menu plans and delicious recipes for heart-healthy meals and snacks and includes helpful questions for doctors and patients.