Book Trailer: https: //youtu.be/qrBBbPK7Re8Wren has a secret. She's the last of the Arobol, a group of magic-wielders. After her parents were murdered by a dark entity when she was young, she has been trying to discover who has killed them. However, it wasn't just anyone; it was the Dark Sorcerer, a being who is believed to exist only in a fairytale. When an unexpected tragedy hits, Wren is forced to flee to town in hopes of finding the leader of the Gavreel Society, said to have information on her parents' killer.Zayne has been working for months to uncover the reason behind the dead bodies showing up in multiple towns and the mysterious symbol that is etched into their skin. As Trading Day approaches, he goes to meet with his Gavreel Society to formulate a new plan for uncovering the person behind these killings. Little does he know that he'll find the solution in a girl, one who's holding as many secrets as he is.Quinn is an assassin, killing anyone his Master orders him to kill. Tasked with finding the Enchanters' Child and bringing her back alive in exchange for his freedom, Quinn won't let anything get in his way. Yet, when he finally discovers the Enchanters' Child, he finds himself questioning his ability to fulfill his mission. Weaving a story of deception, he befriends the Enchanters' Child, but wonders if she is worth his freedom.As they race to find the Sorcerer, each for their own reasons, secrets come out, powerful enough to tear them apart."The Enchanters' Child is a great story with a strong premise. Navya has come up with a nice tone of mystery and introspection, and a totally new fantasy side of the world. It's an edgy and somewhat dark ride compelling readers to find out what is going to happen next... It wrenched many emotions out of me, including disbelief, sadness, tension, worry, hope and too many others to list." -- Ann Howard Creel, author of The Magic of Ordinary Days and The Whiskey Sea" A wonderful account of a magnificient adventure, filled with suspense and seasoned with plenty of twists and turns .." --The Priaries Book ReviewThe Enchanters' Child is an engaging read. The plot is interesting and easy to follow. The setting is described using an array of rich imagery and the characters are intriguing and well developed. It is a captivating story packed with magical twists and turns.--The Literary Titan Awards: "Award Winner in the Best Cover Design: Adult Fiction Category of the 2019 American Fiction Awards""Winner of Literary Titan Book Award""Award-Winning Finalist in the Young Adult Category of the 2019 American Fiction Awards""Award-Winning Finalist in the Fiction category of the 2019 International Book Awards"