The Kid-Friendly ADHD &amp; Autism Cookbook, 3rd Edition explains the best diets for children with food intolerances and hypersensitivities that stem from altered biochemistry and which may be causing problems in learning, behavior, development, attention, sensory responses, sleep, and digestion. The authors provide guidelines to help parents determine which diets may be helpful for their child’s specific symptoms and needs. One of the challenges that parents face is coping with children who have picky appetites and crave the very foods that negatively affect their behavior, focus, and development. Linked to this is the challenge of finding ways to get their children to eat the healthy foods that will improve their nutrition. This book provides suggestions for feeding picky eaters, including those with texture issues. The 3rd edition of The Kid-Friendly ADHD &amp; Autism Cookbook provides a current and greatly expanded review of the most commonly used diets that are important in the treatment of ADHD and autism. There are recipes appropriate to specific diets as indicated by icons and descriptors with each recipe. The authors share details about just how and why each diet works, examine specialty ingredients in-depth, and provide extensive resources and references. The specialty diets covered include:Gluten-free, casein-free, soy-freeFeingold diet: low phenol, low salicylate diet Specific Carbohydrate Diet (SCD) and Gut and Psychology Syndrome Diet (GAPS)Anti-yeast/candida diets, or Body Ecology DietLow Oxalate Diet (LOD)FODMAP (Fermentable Oligo-, Di- and Mono-saccharides, And Polyols)Anti-inflammatory dietRotation dietDespite the restrictions of these diets, this cookbook offers an array of tasty choices that kids and the whole family will love, including shakes, muffins, breads, rice and beans, vegetables, salads, main dishes, stews, and even sweets and treats. You’ll also find recommendations for school lunches and snacks. This comprehensive guide and cookbook is chock-full of helpful info and research, and includes more than 150 kid-friendly recipes, suitable to the variety of specialty diets.