Marshall Matthew Dillon (Yes, my mother did that to me)  Not having Thanksgiving with my family and missing my grandmother's stuffing was the only reason I'd finally caved and looked at all my social media feeds after avoiding them for months. When I find out my grandmother is really sick and in the hospital, of course I make the trip home to see her before it's too late. Though it's great to see my family, I know my home is no longer here in Oregon. It's back in Nebraska with all my new and interesting friends. And when my grandmother finally gets released from the hospital, I decide to go back. Unfortunately, my brother and his friend have other plans and I'm suddenly very aware that my brother was the reason I was kidnapped and held like a prisoner for so long in the first place. Thankfully my friend comes to my rescue. With help. With really, sexy, really my type help. Help that makes it clear he isn't ready to be tied down. Isn't that just my luck?  Quinn Davenport  When I told my friend he was going to have to introduce me to a few chosen when I came to visit, I'd honestly been joking. I was by no means ready for a mate. I still had wild oats to sow or however that saying goes. I'm twenty-five, I'm not supposed to metaphor yet. Really, when I came to Purdy, Nebraska, I'd been hunting a purpose, hoping being close to my long lost friend and a random group of shifters would give me some idea what I wanted to do with my life. But there's been a scent in the leap house that I keep catching bits of and I can't seem to control this need I have to hunt its source. Which leads me to the bedroom door of Marshall Dillon, the missing chosen that had been living there for months. It looks like my mate might have been kidnapped again. And though I'm not sure what I'm going to do with him once I find him, I know that I can't just let him be sold to someone else. But how am I supposed to live the life I want and find my purpose if I have a mate tagging along?  Warning: Mpreg elements!  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::  