 
  I wanted to fall for a man. Instead, I fell for a legend...
 Jax and Haley’s addictive, emotional rockstar romance trilogy is in ONE PLACE for the first time! Books 1 and 2 contain cliffhangers that build to book 3’s explosive, unmissable HEA. Immerse yourself in more than 500 pages of smoldering tension and enthralling romance that promise to leave you “dazed and a little crazed.”Good Girl (Wicked #1): I wanted to fall for a man. Instead, I fell for a legend...The month I wrote my first piece of code, Jax Jamieson launched his third platinum album. The week I drank my first beer, he spent in jail. The day I got under his skin, I wound up on his tour.And the night he gave me his hoodie… I fell in love forever.Bad Girl (Wicked #2):  Rockstars don't chase college students. But Jax Jamieson’s never followed the rules. I thought I knew Jax's secrets. I was wrong. When the fans go home and the lights fade to black, it's just me and him and the people we left behind. I want to escape, until I realize...We can do a lot in the dark.Wicked Girl (Wicked #3): He was a legend, until he walked away.  I was nobody, until I was dragged into the light. I was never supposed to be part of Wicked, but it was always part of me. Now it's my turn to do something that matters. Even if the man I love hates me for it.Jax and Haley’s all-consuming, smoldering, emotional, slow burn love story has sold more than 100,000 copies and “takes rock star romance to a whole new level.” Binge read the complete WICKED trilogy now! Reviews:“Holy crap. Piper Lawson takes the rock star trope to a whole new level.” -Dawn“One word to describe this series: HOOKED.” -Danielle, Short and SassyHot damn, this series is amazing. Funny, sweet, raw, emotional and freaking hot!” -Debbie“So sweet and completely real.” -Tamanna“I’m an emotional wreck.”“Oh my goodness this was brilliant. Cannot wait for the finale! Need. It. Now.” -Anna“An all consuming love story that is sure to leave you a little dazed and crazed.” -Catherine“A sweet, slow burn story.” -Peggy“Good Girl is all repressed sexual tension and “what could be's” but Bad Girl was smoldering and explosive… I am like a crazed fan waiting in line all night.” -Catherine“If you love rock star romances...reading this series is a must!!” -KaraLee“There aren't enough words to describe this series, I could try with: amazing, romantic, emotional, enthralling. All I know is that I couldn't stop reading.” -Helen“This is binge reading at its finest.” -Always Write