The perfect picture hides the darkest lies.  A new home can be a happy ending. Or a fresh start. Or a hiding place...  Kate Jones is running away. She has left her old life behind, changing both her own name and her daughter’s. No-one must ever connect Kate with the mistake that destroyed her life.  Starting afresh on Parkview Road – a brand new street full of newly built houses – Kate looks at the other women on the street with envy. They seem to have it all: Gisela with her busy life, full house and successful children, Sally with her exciting spontaneous marriage, her glamorous holidays, her high-flying career. The pictures that Kate's new friends post online confirm their seemingly perfect existence, whilst Kate hides from the world at all costs.  Until one day, everything changes. Kate is called to the scene of a devastating accident, which is about to test everything the women thought they knew about each other, and themselves.  From the bestselling author of The Silent Wife, The Woman I Was Before is a book about the things we hide from those closest to us – and the terrible consequences that keeping those secrets can have. Perfect for fans of Jodi Picoult, Liane Moriarty and Diane Chamberlain.   Readers love Kerry Fisher!   ‘Wow, wow, wow. I am speechless as to how good this book was… A highly emotional, heart-breaking story.’ Stardust Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘A heart-wrenching and gripping tale. I was hooked from the very first page.’ Write Escape  ‘A compulsive read about secrets, lies, and the complexities of families.’ Bloomin’ Brilliant Books  ‘What a great novel this is! A very moving story filled with deception, betrayal and, contrastingly, loyalty, love, caring and forgiveness... and it has a brilliant ending!’ Splashes Into Books  ‘Well, this book is a firecracker!...you will experience a rollercoaster of emotions, with laughter, sadness and a satisfying ending that will bring a lump to your throat.’ Many Books Many Lives  ‘A page turner - full of implied secrets, unravelling family lives, new family dynamics.’ Bookworms and Shutterbugs  ‘An addictive novel about family dynamics, secrets and betrayals that will have your mouth hanging open in disbelief many times along the way.’ Books of All Kinds  ‘A compelling, chilling and heart-pounding read which will take you on a rollercoaster ride you’ll never want to leave. Phenomenally written and undeniably powerful, Kerry Fisher has done it yet again.’ The Writing Garnet  ‘I absolutely adore Kerry Fisher’s writing and her books just keep getting better and better.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘I could not put this book down all day long… What a layered, poignant, deep, beautiful story. Simply wonderful writing. I am a new fan of Kerry Fisher!!’ Are Muffins Just Ugly Cupcakes?, 5 stars