She opens her eyes and struggles to make out the dark room around her. One thing she knows instantly – her wrists are bound and she’s tied to a chair, unable to move. As she screams for help, she hears footsteps outside. He’s coming…  Fifteen-year-old Lindy Rosen has been having nightmares for weeks, waking in a panic, screaming that there’s a man in her room watching her sleep. Her parents assumed it was her overactive imagination, but when one morning they find Lindy missing from her bedroom, they’re not so sure. Detective Jenna Alton is called in to investigate.  Within hours of the schoolgirl going missing, the kidnapper reaches out to Jenna with a video of Lindy bound and tied to a chair, crying to be set free. And a simple message – you’ve got 24 hours to find her or I kill her.  Jenna’s team work around the clock to try to find Lindy before the deadline, but time runs out, and Jenna receives a devastating message. The killer has made good on his promise. He’s playing a dangerous game. And no one knows what his next move will be.  But just two days later, one of Lindy’s school friends is taken in the middle of the night and the countdown begins again.  Completely addictive from the very start, if you like Lisa Regan, Karin Slaughter and Rachel Abbott you’ll love Whisper in the Night.   What readers are saying about D.K. Hood:  ‘Wow!!! I read this book in one sitting… gripping… I was swept away.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘WOW, WOW, WOW!!!!! ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!... From literally the first page you’re hooked and gripped!! Kept me on the edge of my seat throughout. I just couldn’t put it down… My new all time favourite author!!... I just wish I could’ve given it more than five stars!!!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Wow, this book was amazing… totally thrilling and had me hanging on to every word… Leaves you wanting more… Well worth 5 stars, in fact I wish I could give it more.’ Bonnie’s Book Talk, 5 stars  ‘GO AND READ THIS BOOK!’ Loving Life Everyday  ‘I absolutely love D.K. Hood… An amazing author!!... A book that I absolutely devoured!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Oh my flipping goodness!!... kept me guessing until the very last page… I cannot fault this book at all.’ The Writing Garnet  ‘I did not want this book to end! But it was so good that I was reading faster and faster!’ Musings of a Tired Mummy  ‘I was riveted. And I simply had to know how it would all end. I’d read the author again in a heartbeat!’ Goodreads Reviewer  ‘From the beginning this book was intense!... I was on the edge of my seat!... Make sure to keep the lights on!’ Touch My Spine Book Reviews  ‘Absolutely beyond brilliant!!!... A definite must-read.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Keeps you guessing till the end. Highly recommend this author.