Everything You Need to Know About the Wicca Religion It is estimated that there are over 1 million practicing Wiccans around the world today. But what is it that has made these people turn their back on the formal, structured religions that encompass the majority of the Western world? In our modern, high-pressured world, many of us fail to take notice the sheer beauty of the natural world surrounding us. In many ways, this is a travesty: the world we live in today seems so completely distant from the one our ancestors lived in, a world where humans and nature were at one, their existence intertwined in the natural cycles of life. Wicca is a new way of life, a religion that takes you back to a more simple time, before the invention of the high-tech gadgetry we see all around us. You will learn to live and appreciate the natural world that surrounds you, celebrating the intricate changes in the seasons and everything they bring - from the bounties of the Summer harvest, to the cold and darkness of the Winter months, as Mother Nature rests in preparation for the next explosive cycle of life that Spring brings. Wicca is a re-incarnation of the very earliest religions, long pre-dating Christianity. Wiccans celebrate and share many of the same beliefs that these early people held, and try to embrace their way of life, all while remaining fully-functional in today's modern world. Foundations for Becoming a Practicing Wiccan Wicca differs from the highly structured religions that most people in the Western world are familiar with. There is no sacred text to follow, teaching you about the religion, and how to live your life to the fullest. Wiccans must take it upon themselves to piece together the many different aspects of this exciting, enchanting religion, and this can seem highly intimidating at first. "Wicca for Beginners" was created with these people in mind, acting as an entry point for anyone seeking information about the Wicca religion -- whether you're just looking to learn more about the fascinating Wiccan way of life, or you want to start practicing Wicca yourself. You will learn all about the history of the religion, the many different beliefs held by Wiccans, and the significant dates and celebrations of the Wiccan calendar. You'll be introduced to the Wiccan deities, discover the Wiccan tools and altar, and learn the difference between a coven and a solitary practitioner. Finally, you will be introduced to the concepts of witchcraft and magic, learn the basics of rituals and spellwork, and will even be shown an example ritual, perfect for beginners. In other words, "Wicca for Beginners" will teach you everything you need to know to start practicing Wicca, today! Blessed Be.