This book has been written with the fiction writer in mind. It teaches writers, through writing each day of the year on a subject of their choice, how to use description, narrative and character development. Each of the exercises is simple to follow and gives scope to the writer to follow their own style. Writers are encouraged to use their imagination to enjoy the challenge of writing stories on given topics. There is a good variety of subjects and much is speculative, thus leaving the writer free to tackle the story in the manner he/she wants, although one section does encourage the use of first person narrative. Through the different subjects, writers are encouraged to use adjectives and to close their eyes and imagine the characters of their stories, so that they can present them in full color and with atmosphere to readers. Throughout the book, different interests are covered and writers don't have to take the obvious route. We encourage writers to take it a step further and conjure up their own ideas and make these come to life on the page. As they progress, they will learn about how to incorporate: -Descriptions -Colors -Words that sound alike -Narrative -Atmospheres Since each page allows writers the space to write out their story in journal format, we would suggest that writers use a notebook to gather together ideas before writing, thus having a direction for the story. This is particularly relevant in Twist in the Tail stories which lead to a surprising conclusion. Fiction strategy includes the following elements: -Character development using familiar people as models for their characters -Twists and turns to surprise readers -Excitement and tense drama The writing prompts give writers sufficient information to be able to come up with stories and the angle that they approach their story writing from should always be left to the writer as an individual choice. The writing prompts help the writer to create atmosphere, tension and twists and turns in their plot construction, all of which are important to writers in the fiction area. The book also contains popular genres such as erotica, mystery and suspense, murder, romance and love and all of the styles that are currently being sought by publishing companies. It's a good idea to practice because this highlights a writer's strengths and weaknesses and will usually dictate the kind of genre that a writer will choose as his trademark to success.