AN EXTRAORDINARY JOURNEY OF THE HEART. Riley Rosemont loved Savannah Graystone from the moment she was born. Loving her was his destiny. He always said that "Forever isn't Long Enough" for their love. Life in the icy northern Montana mountains is hard, but her love kept him strong. Riley always swore that someday he'd marry that beautiful talented woman. They would have a family. He vowed to listen to her play the piano until he was old and gray. But Life had other plans for Savannah. Her destiny was far away from Riley. She is a musical prodigy blessed with a photographic memory for music. At eighteen, she leaves Montana to share her music with the world. Fame and fortune come. She never stopped loving Riley. Savannah discovers she is pregnant with their son. But she and Riley are over. The baby was an accident. But not a mistake. Ryan Patrick becomes her world. They keep a video diary. Everyday she records something, talking to Riley as if he were simply away on a trip, showing him every precious moment of their son's life. She teaches Ryan to love his father. She hopes when the time is right, they can go home to Montana and be a family. That hope keeps her strong. But two precious moments steal everything good. Savannah Graystone is coming home. The music inside her heart is gone. She wants to curl up in a dark corner and fade away. Her will to live is gone. Snow is falling fast, bitter and cold from the oncoming blizzard. Her hand is on the door to Graystone Heights, her childhood home. The giant ski lodge high in the mountains has been deserted for years. It's a perfect place to let go. But behind her a dog growls. She isn't alone anymore. Graystone Heights is Riley's home now. He raises beautiful Spanish Andalusian horses, training them to dance for movies and show. Training is his gift, the reason he stayed in Montana. It is where he belongs. But Riley has kept a secret too. He knew about their son and chose to let Ryan live in Savannah's musical world, giving their talented son opportunities he couldn't have in the cold northern mountains. But hearts are broken, the good seems lost forever. All they have left are the movies she made, moments captured of a little boy's life. The video diary is precious. It is all Savannah can give Riley. They both made choices, things they regret. This is their second chance. Dangerously fevered, Savannah wants to give up. She is shattered inside. Can Riley save her? They need a miracle. This Special Publishers Edition on July 27, 2015 is dedicated to Taz. Once, I thought I knew how to love someone, but you hugged me tight and taught me I was wrong. In that moment I had barely begun to touch the depths of real love. I know love now. Mine belongs to you. LOVE IS WORTH THE JOURNEY. This is for everyone who has ever Loved, who lost their Heart along the Way, but hoped for Second Chances and had the Courage to Love again.