The monsters of myth are real and she’s just discovered she's one of them.  Every instinct U.S. Marshal Morgan Jacobs has screams she’s dangerous. And all logic says she’s crazy. She couldn’t have killed that man by turning him to stone with her gaze. That’s impossible. Except she has no other explanation for what happened that night four months ago.  But now she’s caught in a game of cat and mouse against a powerful man determined to destroy her and must partner with two mysterious FBI agents in order to stop him. Except both men are too sexy for Morgan’s own good: the dark and brooding Alexander Gage, and the wicked bad boy Lachlin Kincade.  This boxed set includes the first three books in this action-packed dark urban fantasy series: Case #1: Written in Stone, Case #2: Heart of Stone, and Case #3: Escaped From Stone.  Grab your copy of the Medusa Files Collection and start reading Morgan's journey today!   CASE #1: WRITTEN IN STONE The monsters of myth are real…  Every instinct U.S. Marshal Morgan Jacobs has screams she’s dangerous. And all logic says she’s crazy. She couldn’t have turned that man to stone with her gaze. That’s impossible. Except she has no other explanation for what she remembers about that night or how she got away from him four months ago. And when her friend is kidnapped, Morgan must partner with the mysterious FBI agent Alexander Gage and face the truth... monsters are real.  CASE #2: HEART OF STONE Some things are more dangerous than monsters.  Much to Morgan Jacobs’ relief, she isn’t crazy; the world is. Monsters of myth are real and she’s one of them. With only a tenuous hold on her new gorgon abilities and with some of those monsters—the Kin—trying to kill her, Morgan’s best bet is to move in with the mysterious Alexander Gage and his Kin team. Except she doesn’t know if she can trust him, or herself for that matter when he’s around. But when a young Kin woman is murdered with magic, Morgan must put aside her fear of her powers and face something more dangerous than just monsters: her emotions.  CASE #3: ESCAPED FROM STONE Sometimes the monster in the dark is real.  Still trying to figure out her place in a world where the monsters of myth are real, U.S. Marshal Morgan Jacobs finally has a reprise from the madness. A murderer has escaped from jail, and while he is Kin—one of the monsters—Morgan at least knows how to handle a fugitive hunt. And with her best friend and fellow Marshal Kate helping out, it feels like nothing has changed. But everything has changed. Chasing a real monster is much more dangerous than chasing a human one and ignoring the truth could be deadly. 