"Coulter is a pundit extraordinaire." - RUSH LIMBAUGH "Ann Coulter is one of the fiery new breed of conservative commentators who don't worry what the Establishment thinks of them." - ROBERT D. NOVAK "A fluent polemicist with a gift for Menckenesque invective...she can harness such language to subtle, syllogistic argument." - WASHINGTON POST  "The conservative movement has found it's diva." - BILL MAHER "One of the twenty most fascinating women in politics." - GEORGE MAGAZINE. "Coulter is a pundit extraorinaire." - RUSH LIMBAUGH In this New York Times bestseller, Coulter mercilessly examines the abuses and excesses of Bill Clinton point by point. She also shreds every conceivable defense the Clintons to bits as she probes the major Clinton scandals, including Monica Lewinsky, Filegate, the China connection, the travel office snafu, and the fundraising fiascos. Coulter combs through the evidence to answer all the questions that kept the Clinton administration embroiled in scandal - the likes of which our nation had never seen. High Crimes and Misdemeanors reveals: WHY the Monica Lewinsky affair would ultimately cause the entire Clinton defense scheme to unravel. HOW Bill Clinton committed impeachable offense that are both criminal and non-criminal (take your pick). WHY, despite popular belief, impeachment DOES NOT require a criminal offense. HOW the Clinton White House got hold of sensitive FBI files - and how it may have used them too intimidate enemies. WHAT Hilary Clinton did to destroy the careers of nonpolitical, completely innocent White House employees. WHY Clinton crony Webb Hubbell abruptly stopped cooperating with Ken Starr after key White House pals got to him. WHO got a top Clinton administration job and most likely used it to funnel classified data to people close to the Chinese Communists.  In this fearless and unapologetic book, you'll get a shocking view of the Clinton White House, where an endless parade of lowlifes brought lobbying opportunities to a president who never met a campaign gift he didn't like - even if it put US security at risk.  You'll venture deep iinside the Clinton machine to discover how witnesses are muzzled, how opponents are intimidated, how the press is led about, evidence concealed, the FBI misued, jobs are dispensed, the Clinton Justice Department corrupted....and why the Monica Lewinsky affair infamously follow Clinton for the rest of his life. From the best selling author of ADIOS AMERICA. 