Samantha stumbled out of the party and on to a busy street only ten minutes away from her home. But she never made it home…   Seven years after Samantha’s disappearance, on what would have been her thirty-fifth birthday, her best friend Diane is shocked to find a letter addressed to Samantha on her doorstep.  Opening the envelope, Diane pulls out a birthday card and a finger nail painted in dusky pink nail polish. The same shade Samantha always wore. The same shade she was wearing the night she went missing.  When police analyse the nail, they don’t get the result they expected. Instead of linking them to Samantha, the nail belongs to another woman, Jade Ashmore. And Jade was murdered the night before the envelope was delivered….  THE COMPLETELY ADDICTIVE NEW CRIME THRILLER FROM BEST SELLING AUTHOR CARLA KOVACH – if you love Lisa Gardner, Robert Bryndza or Clare Mackintosh, you’ll love The Liar’s House. Gripping from the first page – you won’t be able to put it down.    What readers are saying about the DI Gina Harte series:  ‘Absolutely the best thriller I’ve read this year!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘I am hooked on this series… If you love a good detective series with plenty of twists and turns, you really need to put Carla Kovach on your list, you won’t be disappointed!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Another Gina Harte winner!... HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘BOOM… What a twist… Fantastic.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Oh my goodness! This was gripping and fast moving from page one.’ Southern and Sassy Wine Lady, 5 stars  ‘Just wow!... FANTASTIC... I just had to keep reading.’ Bonnie’s Book Talk, 5 stars  ‘I couldn’t put it down.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Wow, wow wow! Excellent book!’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘OMG... gripping... I have goosebumps.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘I am in love with this author.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Brilliant!... Exceptional... Thrilling... Superb.’ Renita D’Silva, 5 stars  ‘A fantastic book!!!!! OMG so much suspense.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Brilliant, absolutely brilliant!!’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘I was hooked from the start right to the last page.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘I loved this book! Chilling, disturbing and gripping!’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘DI Gina Harte is my new heroine!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars