Although high school freshman Abby Mandato is the star quarterback of her small town's high school football team, she hates drawing attention to herself and prefers the comfort of routine. When she finds out her family is moving to the big city and leaving behind everything she knows, Abby's latent anxiety becomes a problem that she can no longer ignore. Her mother thinks she is just being dramatic and tells her to stop seeking attention. Her brother wants to help but doesn’t know what to do. All Abby knows is that these symptoms keep her from living a happy, normal life. In order to be successful both on and off the field, she must face her inner fears, her foes on the football field, and the stigma of having a common mental health condition before her nervous symptoms become crippling. Twenty years later, Abby has become a successful professor of psychology. Although her nervous symptoms are well under control, she still experiences routine anxiety that she effectively deals with using the tools that she has learned over the years. When she is thrown into the lime-light because of her research on the stigma surrounding mental health, Abby experiences a new wave of anxiety. She is called to face her fear of public speaking in order to promote an issue that she is passionate about. With the insight she has gained over the years, she works through her symptoms, reflects back on her path since high school, and finds that she still has a lot to learn. This book was written as a way to give a voice to a group of voiceless people. According to NAMI (National Alliance on Mental Illness), approximately one in five people - children, teens, and adults - in the United States will suffer from a mental illness in a given year. The average sufferer will wait eight to ten before seeking help. Stigma and misconceptions play a great part in the suffering of nervous people. This book seeks to shine a light on the stigma surrounding mental illness and to promote the discussion of healthy alternatives rather than ignoring nervous symptoms.