Malik Newton  I was fairly severely burned when I was young. Before anyone gets too emotional about it, it was an accident. My sister and I were being dumb and accidentally caught me on fire. For the most part, I've gotten used to people staring at my burn scars. It's not really something I can hide and though most people try to hide their reaction, I get human nature grabs the eyes and holds on tight when something is different. Usually, I just ignore it. But there are still times when the unwanted attention of others can really hurt. Like when they curl their lip or show disgust. Or when the first guy you ever really wanted to impress spends the first hour in your company failing at not getting caught staring at your scars. Rowe Belk is simply not a subtle man. What he is though, is someone who might just be too sweet for a world like ours, and I vow to myself that I will find a way to make him see past the scars to a man who would do anything to keep his amazing heart protected and safe.  Rowe Belk  Shy doesn't even begin to describe me. I'm also awkward and a little weird. I'm always getting made fun of for not wanting to kill bugs and have even had more than one person get mad at me for it. Most people take one look at my size and just assume I'm a certain way, only to be disappointed when they find out I'm nothing like what they expected. I would give anything to be able to disappear in a room, but I'm kinda hard to miss, given my size. The first time I meet my mate, I literally don't notice the scars at first. I notice the way he carries himself. The authority he gives off, the energy. I notice his sweet scent, and lovely eyes. I know as a chosen, he needs to be protected from men who hunt people like him as part of a competition that feeds something much worse, but as I get to know him better, I realize, though I may be protecting him physically, he's actually the one taking care of me, and it's everything I've ever wanted in my life.  Warning: Mpreg elements!  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::  