Forensic Facts and Cold Cases - thanks to DNA analysis and new techniques, many cases once thought hopeless are being resolved.  With its clear explanations, this book is intended as a guide and reference to forensic techniques for true crime readers, mystery fans, arm-chair sleuths, front-line police officers, criminal attorneys, journalists, and crime authors. This encyclopedic book is a must read for any true crime aficionado.    "In 'Forensic Analysis and DNA in Criminal Investigations: Including Cold Cases Solved' bestselling true crime author RJ Parker takes the reader on an exciting tour behind the scenes and into the laboratory of forensic science. The book offers a fascinating history of forensic science and its key contributors. As always, Parker keeps the reader on the edge of his/her seat as he explains how forensic science and DNA analysis helped to solve complex and confounding cold cases. This book is a must read for anyone interested in the evolving science of criminal investigations. A fascinating book!" --Dr. Scott Bonn author of 'Why We Love Serial Killers: The Curious Appeal of the World's Most Savage Murderers'   Also available in Paperback and Audiobook editions    Dr. RJ Parker, Ph.D is an award-winning and bestselling true crime author and publisher of RJ Parker Publishing. Inc. He has written 22 true crime books which are available in eBook, paperback and audiobook editions and have sold in over 100 countries. He holds Certifications in Serial Crime and Criminal Profiling. Parker amazes his readers with top notch writing and idealist research. The Canadian writer has a better grasp of criminology and the psyche of a serial killer's mind than most people who spend a lifetime in a professional field chasing criminals and diabolic fiends. ---------- Dr. Peter Vronsky, Ph.D is an author, filmmaker and investigative historian. He is the author of two definitive bestselling books on the history and psychopathology of serial homicide, Serial Killers: The Method and Madness of Monsters (2004) and Female Serial Killers: How and Why Women Become Monsters (2007). Vronsky is also a historian of espionage, insurgency and military history. His most recent book is Ridgeway : The American Fenian Invasion and the Forgotten 1866 Battle that Made Canada (Penguin Books: 2011) an investigative account of the hidden history of Canada's first modern battle and the Irish Fenian insurgency.