The fisherman may sit in his boat and contemplate bait—night crawlers or a lure? Maybe something fancier? What he never considers, however, is throwing a line in without a hook. He never thinks, “My cord is so well made, so strong and beautiful, what fish wouldn’t want to wrap itself up in it and jump into my boat?” But countless writers do just that when they ignore the first sentence. For many, it’s just sentence one to move them to sentence two—a means to an end, rather than bait. What they don’t realize is that the first line’s purpose is to compel the reader forward, to push them to the second, to create a sense of urgency to read on. For the writers who ignore this, there is no literary seduction in their fiction. There is only the story, which may or may not be read fully. Likely, the reader may not even make it to the second line.Maybe you struggle with the first line, and that’s okay. To a large extent, we all do. It’s hard to find a line that’s going to entice readers and propel them onward with eager anticipation. But crafting a stellar first line doesn’t need to be confounding. A fisherman has many types of bait. A writer has many ways to open their fiction—character, setting, voice. More often than not, the best bait is the unexpected, the question-proposing line that skims across the surface of the water to attract impatient readers slogging through the river. The first line has become organic and has breathed, and the reader can smell its breath. These are the lines that live in our memories—the stuff literary dreams are made of.You can use this book in any way you see fit. Nothing says you have to read it straight-through even. Feel free to skip around, browse each section, work on whatever you feel you need to develop. But the ideal reader of this book (at least in my mind) is going to have pen and paper handy, or at least be near their computer, so they can scrawl out a few lines as they go through each section. Bottom line—first lines take practice, and like any artists, we’ve got to write some real stinkers before we find the right one. Roll up your sleeves, and let’s get cracking.