Nearly 500,000 adenotonsillectomies will be performed on children this year. Will you be ready?  The new 3rd Edition of this bestselling book helps parents understand and organize the necessary medical and emotional components that accompany their child’s surgery. In an easy to follow timeline for events prior to and following a tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy, the authors provide reassuring and accurate guidance that eases the process for the patient and family. As caregivers, you will:  
   Get the facts about tonsils and adenoids in simple terms.  
   Reduce your own anxiety about surgery and recovery.  
   Learn how to best support your child through the medical and emotional events surrounding the procedure.  
   Have scripts available to guide your conversations with all of your children.  
   Discover the sequence of events leading up to surgery and how to prepare for them.  
   Find out what you need to have at home while your child recuperates.  
   Understand and respond to any unforeseen complications.  
   Become confident that you have maximized your child’s comfort and adjustment during the weeks surrounding surgery. 
  "A handy and valuable guide for parents who face the ultimate decision to have their child undergo a surgery, this book unravels the fear, answers the questions and makes it understandable and reassuring. It is much needed in the field and its joyful illustrations make it easy to follow and comprehend." -- Donna Geffner, Ph.D., Ed.D (Hon.), CCC-SP/A, Past president of the American Speech-Language Hearing Association (ASHA)  "When reading the book, you feel as if Dr. Laurie is right in front of you and leading you through the whole process. This book provides a useful, simple and straight forward approach for parents and children to deal with the anxiety that precedes any surgery." -- Zev Ash, M.D., F.A.A.P. (pediatrician)  "As owners and directors of a nursery school and summer camp for the past 27 years, we are often asked how to prepare a child for a medical procedure. This book is an excellent roadmap for parents on preparing not only your child, but also yourself, for a scary and often intimidating experience." Adam &amp; Amy Langbart, owners of /Merrick Woods Country Day School and Camp, Merrick, NY  "The use of actual possible scripts to use with your child to help explain procedures and ease a child’s anxiety, well organized helpful to-do lists and timelines serve to make this a required read and practical guide for parents or any caregiver with a child about to undergo a tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy." Steven H. Blaustein Ph.D, CCC, BCS-CL, Speech-Language Pathologist, Board Certified Specialist - Child Language  "This book spells out in clear and concise language what parents need to know and how to prepare children for the surgery. Suggestions on how to talk to children in developmentally appropriate language will be especially helpful to parents. I enthusiastically recommend this book to parents of children facing this medical procedure." David A. Crenshaw, Ph.D., ABPP, Board Certified Clinical Psychologist, Author, Clinical Director of the Children's Home of Poughkeepsie  Learn more at www.DrZelinger.com From Loving Healing Press www.LHPress.com 