Winner of the 2015 Drunken Druid Award (Ireland) for high literary merit.Nominee for the 2015 Bram Stoker Award (HWA) in the First Novel category.In a suburb on Boston’s North Shore, a catatonic little girl is found behind a dumpster. She is a mystery. As Social Worker Debbie Gillan pieces together the puzzle of the child's identity, she discovers the child had disappeared two years earlier along with a twin sister. She also discovers HANNAHWHERE, an alternate world that is both a haven and a prison.... Life altering trauma becomes the key to unraveling the truth about the children, about Hannahwhere...and about Debbie herself. Truths that could either save them or destroy them all.  “HANNAHWHERE is a revelation. This constantly surprising novel has some very dark moments, but John McIlveen's clean, clear prose carries you through them and back into the light of the good, decent people who fuel this story with their desperate efforts to do the right thing. Hannah herself is a joy. If she were up for adoption, I'd be the first in line.” -- F. Paul Wilson, New York Times bestselling author of COLD CITY  “HANNAHWHERE by John McIlveen is everything a book should be--filled with unforgettable characters, fast-paced, and a page-turner. I loved it!” -- Heather Graham, New York Times bestselling author of LET THE DEAD SLEEP  "From the very first line of HANNAHWHERE, you know you're in good hands. John McIlveen raises a compelling new voice with a story that is at once playful and frightening, thrilling and heartbreaking. Highly recommended." -- Jonathan Maberry, New York Times bestselling author of ROT & RUIN and FIRE & ASH  "John McIlveen's HANNAHWHERE is a thrilling, emotionally complex paranormal mystery. The little girls at the center of the story will touch your heart and unsettle you, all at the same time. A wonderful first novel from an exciting new voice in genre fiction." -- Christopher Golden, New York Times bestselling author of SNOWBLIND  "Love it, love it, LOVE IT!" -- Rick Hautala, bestselling author of THE DEMON'S WIFE"John McIlveen's HANNAHWHERE easily and often defies genre, weaving in mystery, darkness, humor and horror with a cast of living, breathing characters that it's far too easy to fall in love with. I am in awe of his talents." -- James A. Moore, author of the SEVEN FORGES series.“HANNAHWHERE is a unique piece of fiction. Full of compelling characters and original concepts, it transcends any notions of genre. The reader’s need to encounter a beautifully realized story rendered in clear, precise prose is fulfilled here with stunning clarity. John McIlveen is a talent who has a brilliant future as a novelist.” -- Thomas F. Monteleone, four-time Bram Stoker Award-winner