
  If you struggle with binge eating, emotional eating, stress eating, or if you repeatedly manage to lose weight only to gain it all back, you may be approaching things with the wrong mindset. 
 Most contemporary thought on overeating and bingeing focuses on healing and self-love. But people who've overcome food addiction and weight issues often report it was more like capturing and caging a rabid dog than learning to love their inner child... Open the cage even an inch—or show that dog an ounce of fear—and it'll quickly burst out to shred your healthy eating plans, undoing all your progress in a heartbeat. From his perspective as a formerly food-obsessed psychologist—and previous consultant to major food manufacturers—Dr. Livingston shares specific techniques for isolating and permanently dis-empowering your “fat thinking self.”  He reveals much of his own personal journey in the process. 
  If despite your best intentions you find yourself in one or more of the following situations then this book is for you... 
    You've tried diet after diet with no permanent success...   You constantly think about food and/or your weight...   You feel driven to eat when you're not hungry (emotional overeating)...   You sometimes feel you can't stop eating even though you're full...   You sometimes feel guilty or ashamed of what you've eaten...   You behave differently with food in private than you do when you're with other people...   You feel the need to fast and/or severely restrict your food to “make up” for serious bouts of overeating...    Never Binge Again can help you:    Dramatically improve your ability to stick to ANY healthy food plan so you can achieve your weight loss and/or fitness goals...   Quickly recover from mistakes without self judgement or unnecessary guilt...   Free yourself from the prison of food obsession so you can enjoy a satisfying, delicious, and healthy diet for the rest of your life!     "What the Hades is this?  It can't be this simple.  But I'm closer to my goal weight than I've been in decades!"  - Peter Borromeo "A powerful, thought provoking, and very un-ladylike approach to the problem of bingeing!" – Stephanie King "A unique and brilliant way to leverage will power; passionate, convincing, defiant and inspiring - all at the same time" – Richard Guy "Never Binge Again squelched that awful voice in the back of my mind which says ‘you'll backslide eventually, no matter what.'  Thanks to this book failure is no longer an option!" – Warren Start "I'm still reeling with the revelation I have the ability to Never Binge Again, just like my ability to never rob a bank, never push and old lady into traffic, or never jump off of a perfectly good cliff! [...] This book is THE TOOL I need to conquer ever attempting to satisfy emotional feelings with carbo-laden calories again!" – Traci Rickards