Nightmares! The Sleepwalker Tonic is the sequel to the hilariously scary New York Times bestselling novel Nightmares! by multitalented actor Jason Segel and bestselling author Kirsten Miller. You thought the nightmares were over? You better keep the lights on!   Charlie Laird has a dream life.   1) He has a weirdo stepmom who runs an herbarium.  2) He lives in a purple mansion with a portal to the Netherworld. 3) Since they escaped from the Netherworld, he and his best friends have been sleeping like babies.    But Charlie can’t shake the feeling that something strange is afoot. Charlotte’s herbarium used to be one of the busiest stores in Cypress Creek. Now her loyal following is heading to Orville Falls for their herbal potions. Weirder, though, Orville Falls is suddenly filled with . . . zombies? At least, they sure look like the walking dead. Rumor has it that no one’s sleeping in Orville Falls. And Charlie knows what that means.   Things are getting freaky again.  
  Praise for Nightmares!, book one
  A New York Times bestseller"Charlie Laird, who learns fear will eat you alive if you feed it, makes an impression, and...readers will want to accompany him again."—
  The New York Times Book Review
"A touching comical saga...about facing things that go bump in the night."—
  US Weekly
"Coraline meets Monsters, Inc. in this delightfully entertaining offering from actor [Jason] Segel and co-author [Kirsten] Miller."—
  Publishers Weekly
"[Nightmares!] succeeds at scaring and amusing in equal measure...[It's] sweet, charming, and imaginative."—
  Kirkus Reviews
"Segel...and Miller build an entertaining, cartoony world full of scary (but not too scary) monsters, silly jokes, plucky kid heroes...with a promise of adventures to come."—
  Booklist
 "An engaging and creative story...woven with a generous amount [of] humor."—
  VOYA
"There's humor and a fairly high ick-factor."—
  School Library Journal
"Cleverly crafted...This novel presents just the right mix of 'scary and humorous.'"—
  ILA Literacy Daily
