“From Buddha to Jesus” is currently the second-bestselling Christian book of all time in Thailand, a 95% Buddhist country. Now you can learn the 2 most popular religions in 1 book! Widely acclaimed by readers who grew up with Buddhism and despised by a few Western converts to Buddhism, this book is now in 7 languages. Ignore the foreigner’s perspective and get the insider’s perspective on Buddhism the way it’s actually practiced by millions of ordinary folks.  “I was a Buddhist all my life... I grew up in Sri Lanka a Buddhist country… Reading this book changed my life.” Alyosius, Sri Lanka"I have been a missionary in Thailand for 40 years. I read your book and was very impressed wish. I would have had it sooner."Dorothy H., Thailand"Your book is one of my treasured collection and I've been reading it again and again. I love it so much. It helps me to understand Buddha and Buddhism and draw bridges between the two faiths. Keep up the good work and God bless!."Mish N.“I am a Malaysian Chinese… I was a Buddhist. I came across your explanation about Buddhism and found that was so true!” Sulee, Malaysia"Steve's gentle way of sharing his insight suits the [Asian] audience very well… He has also broken some invalid preconceived ideas that Buddhists are closed to the Gospel."Ching Wah, SingaporeMy husband and I have been reading it and although I am a second generation missionary in Thailand (my dad arrived in 1946!) your book has brought new insight and clarified many things and is helping me/us immensely in relating to the Buddhists. So, Thank YOU and Thank GOD!"Marianna & Erik, Thailand"This book gave me confidence that I had a strategy! Because we can start from a place of commonality, instead of a place of 'I'm right, you're wrong'. This teaching releases people!"Tim P., Thailand"A well-written book with a clear and bold testimony."Canon James Wong (Anglican Churches Singapore)“This book has many great insights in it… I would use it for our Bible College students.” Dr. Wayne Cordeiro (Pastor of 10,000+ member church in Hawaii; who grew up with Japanese Buddhism)