Winter in Black Orchard, Wisconsin, is long and dark, and sixteen-year-old Vayda Silver prays the snow will keep the truth and secrecy of the last two years buried. Hiding from the past with her father and twin brother, Vayda knows the rules: never return to the town of her mother’s murder, and never work a Mind Game where someone might see.No one can know the toll emotions take on Vayda, how emotion becomes energy in her hands, or how she can’t control the destruction she causes. But it's not long before her powers can no longer be contained. The truth is dangerously close to being exposed, placing Vayda and her family at risk. Until someone quiets the chaos inside her.Unwanted. That's all Ward Ravenscroft has ever been. To cope, he numbs the pain of rejection by denying himself emotions of any kind. Yet Vayda stirs something in him. He can't explain the hold she has on him--inspiring him with both hope and fear. He claims not to scare easily, except he doesn't know what her powers can do. Yet.Just as Vayda and Ward draw closer, she finds the past isn't so easily buried. And when it follows the Silvers to Black Orchard, it has murder in mind."Richly written, A MURDER OF MAGPIES isn't a book to be read, but one to be devoured by the light of a dying fire. Sarah Bromley will pull readers in and have them glancing constantly over their shoulder, where the ghosts of the past await them."- New York Times bestselling author Heather Brewer"A MURDER O MAGPIES is one of those books I couldn't put down... a little bit mystery, a little bit horror, a little bit love story--there's something for everyone on these pages. Rich, well-written, and different in a genre desperate for something a little bit different..." -- Hillary Monahan, author of MARY: THE SUMMONING A deliciously, dark Gothic tale of lies, manipulation, and forbidden love. A MURDER OF MAGPIES will haunt you long after the last page is read. --Cole Gibsen, author of the KATANA trilogy and THE SOCIAL MEDIA EXPERIMENT.