
  I fled my palace home to escape an unwanted marriage and stumbled into the arms of five potential mates. Yes, five.
  One fanged genie, four badass bandits, and a plus-one princess—me—forced together in an unconventional relationship that will save our world and yours, if we can figure out how to work together and fall in love.  That’s a pretty big if.  Oh, I should probably mention, there are a few added obstacles, standing in the way of my save-the-world success:  1. My father’s snake-taming sidekick and seer put a bounty on my head. Avoiding his dark riders and the brutal pirates that roam the desert is no easy task. 2. I don’t know how to charge my mom’s magic carpet. Did I mention I suck at magic? 3. My companion, a sand cat, is missing and may be dead. 4. A supposed friend sold me to one of the above mentioned pirates. 5. I refuse to be bullied into a relationship no matter how tempting my new suitors are. These five protective and deliciously different alpha males may have claimed me, but I get to choose my fate, ancient prophecy or not.  If you’re betting on my success, take notes. I’ve lived a sheltered life inside a pristine palace, until now. So you might want to settle your affairs because I can’t guarantee I’ll beat the bad guys. But if my wannabe mates have their way, you should be good to plan your next vacation, wedding…meal. Choose wisely.  I’ll do the same. Promise.  Disclaimer:  Finding Jaslynn is a fairy tale retelling reminiscent of Aladdin and The Arabian Nights. It is for readers 18 and older due to language, adult themes and sexual situations. There are events that could be considered triggers for some readers. Despite the dark fantasy elements, you can expect humor, no cheating, and a happily ever after. For those new to the genre, this is a “Why Choose” Romance, often referred to as Reverse Harem Romance. This is the first volume of a book duet (two book series).   Beware! There is a cliffhanger, but book two Saving Jaslynn will come fast and is up for pre-order now. HEA is coming!