With The Demon Awakens and The Demon Spirit, the first two volumes in his masterful DemonWars saga, New York Times bestselling author R. A. Salvatore set a new standard for fantasy adventure, creating the enchanted world of Corona--a world besieged by the dark forces of an ancient, all-consuming evil. Now, with The Demon Apostle, Salvatore brings his epic symphony of good versus evil to its stunning conclusion.It is a time of mourning. A time of hope. With the demon dactyl and its foul minions defeated, the war-weary citizens of the kingdom of Honce-the-Bear wish only to bury their dead and begin rebuilding their broken lives. Yet the fragile balance between church and state lies shattered. The specter of civil war haunts the ravaged land--and a specter more fearsome still. For the demon, though defeated, was not destroyed. And now its vengeful spirit has found an unholy sanctuary at the very heart of the Abellican Church.As the elf-trained ranger Elbryan Wynden presses north to reclaim the savage Timberlands from retreating goblin hordes, and his companion, Pony, mistress of gemstone magic, turns south to the civilized--but no less perilous--streets of Palmaris, they find themselves caught up in a ruthless power struggle to decide the fate of all Corona. A struggle that will push their courage and love to the breaking point . . . and beyond.Condemned as heretics, the two heroes are hunted by dangerous enemies. The leader of the Church boasts a mastery of gemstone magic that rivals Pony's proven might. And the Abbot's right hand, the Bishop of Palmaris, has claws so sharply honed by hate and magic that no man--or ranger--can withstand their killing stroke. Then an unexpectedtwist of fate forces Pony to make a harrowing choice, one that may doom the world to demonic domination.A fantasy of rare scope and accomplishment that seamlessly weaves unforgettable characters and events into a brilliant tapestry of bravery and betrayal, sacrifice and redemption, The Demon Apostle brings R. A. Salvatore's sweeping masterwork to a triumphant close--and to a new beginning.