Welcome Back To Somewhere, TX

  Five Authors, One Town, No Limits...

  Volume 2 Includes:

  Jodi Vaughn - Trouble In Texas (Somewhere, TX #2)

  
    He’s hiding a secret and she’s his only hope...
  
Shawn Collins is terrible at choosing men. One bitter divorce under her belt has her swearing off men completely, especially cowboy Casanova, Walker Hammett. She wants to focus on herself and make peace with her past...Walker Hammett has a reputation as a player in Somewhere and the cowboy has one rule. Never bring a woman back to his house. But when it comes to Shawn, he finds himself willing not only to break that rule, but to never let her go!
  
    After one crazy night together, Shawn discovers the handsome cowboy is hiding a secret from the people of Somewhere and it makes her question every assumption she’s ever made about him...
  
Walker soon realises that he will have to trust Shawn to not only keep his secret, but seek her help as well. Sparks fly between them as Walker discovers trusting Shawn might be the best decision he’s ever made. Now if he can just get her to see him as more than the player the town knows him to be!Can the unlikely couple overcome their prejudices about the other and find a future together? Or will they both end up in nothing but trouble?
  Krystal Shannan - To Love A Mate (VonBrandt Family #2)

  
    Can a small-town cowboy win the heart of a woman who doesn’t have one?
  
Surviving charity functions by day and automatic weapons and death threats by night, Emma Carrington learned to be as hard as the men her daddy hired to protect her. Hell, she even carried a military grade stun gun in her Prada bag and could shoot just as well as any of her ex-military bodyguards, if the need arose...When a failed kidnapping attempt forces her to hide out in Somewhere, Texas, Emma finds herself stranded, floundering through cow patties, and desperate for a car. Who better to “borrow” from than the sexy naked man she sees turn into a wolf and leave his perfectly good pickup truck available for use. It’s not like he can drive it in his current condition, right?College senior Noah VonBrandt knows the pack law better than anyone - only a bonded mate can know his secret. He watched his brother find the mate of his dreams and he wants the same thing, but you can’t just make the “right” girl appear out of thin air. To his surprise, lightning does strike. When a beautiful blonde woman trespasses on the ranch and sees him transform, he knows he only has two choices - claim her or let the pack erase her memories. But even as Noah fights to save her, Emma’s past is hot on her heels and out for more than memories!
  Lavender Daye - Undercover Heat
There’s trouble in Somewhere and someone in town alerted the Texas Rangers. Big bad Ranger Hart Winston is tasked with ferreting out the truth and staying out of trouble. Sure, he’ll get the job done, but he didn’t expect to get the girl, too!Sherri London not only owns the bed where Hart lays his head, she's also the former clerk at the tax office Hart investigates. She's been hurt before and it's going to take more than Hart's sweet southern charm to make her take another chance on love. Hart keeps his intentions undercover, but his easygoing flirtation grows on her and she finds herself wanting to forgo her man-moratorium. And then.... It sounds like it's really her that's falling far and fast, unexpectedly!
  K.C. Klein - The Blackhearted Cowboy (Texas Fever #4)
Chandler Sloan has everything - too bad his heart is as black as they come...Nine years ago, Chandler Sloan was devastated by the betrayal of the only woman he’s ever loved. The night she turned her back on him was the night he became a man unwilling to forgive. Now Jayne’s back for her inheritance from his father’s estate, but all Chandler can see is red!Jayne Keller is prepared for the painful memories that surface when she comes home. What she isn’t prepared for are the intense feelings that flare whenever she and Chandler are together. The more Chandler lashes out against her silence, the more Jayne is forced to confront the powerful passions that brew just beneath the surface...
  
    But will his black heart and her dark secrets keep them both from reclaiming the love they deserve?
  

  R.L. Syme - Fire Fight (Line of Fire #2)
Tande Walker is swimming in love. Her brother met his soul mate, her best friend is engaged, and to top it all off, Tande has the town's biggest wedding to plan for. All she can focus on is the job she has to do to get Brent & DJ across the marital finish line...
  
    But someone does not want this wedding to take place...
  
They've been getting veiled threats for weeks, but when a creepy gift shows up and shakes up everyone's nerves, Tande takes matters into her own hands. She's going to get the police to take her seriously if she has to take hostages to do it!Marcus Edison has spent his whole adult life getting over Tande. She broke his heart, walked away from Somewhere, and put him in her rear-view. And for the brief moments he's allowed himself to hope she might come back, all she wants is a quick fling!But he's not interested in flings anymore. And he's over Tande. Completely! At least, that's what he's told his family, friends, and coworkers. Not that they believe him. All it takes is one look at her, ready to mow down the whole Sheriff's Department, for him to get crazy on whoever is threatening her!He'll do what he can to protect her, if she'll even let him, but when some of the threats start getting personal, he doesn't care if they're friends, benefits, or frenemies. He's sure he can let her walk away again, as long as she's alive...