‘A compelling, passionate and captivating must read!...I thoroughly enjoyed reading this beautiful book’ Dash Fan Book Reviews Would you tell the truth, if it meant losing your one true love?  Soma is a shy young woman adrift in a strange new country. After moving from Sri Lanka to Yorkshire to become a nanny to baby Louis, Soma tries to settle into life in the U.K., even if every day presents her with a new challenge, from trying new food or getting to grips with the language.  But the one thing Soma never counted on was falling in love. When she meets Sahan, a Sri Lankan student at the local university, the two feel an instant attraction. Meeting in secret so that Sahan can teach Soma English, their friendship quickly blooms into something more. But their differing backgrounds – Soma is from poverty, while Sahan is the son of a wealthy family and cousin to Soma’s employer – means they have to hide their love from the world.  While they bare their souls to each other, Sahan has no idea that Soma is hiding a huge secret from him – but as her lies come crashing down, Soma is faced with an impossible choice. Should she tell the truth – even if means losing Sahan?  A moving, unique and utterly engrossing love story about how well we really know the person we fall in love with – fans of Amanda Prowse, Jojo Moyes and Diane Chamberlain will be captivated.  Readers are loving This Stolen Life:  ‘This Stolen Life is a journey that is not to be missed…this story moved me beyond measure…I just know it will be one book that will stay with me in the coming months.’ Stacy is Reading  ‘I loved this book... Jeevani Charika has created such soulful characters that they make reading this book an absolute pleasure… This is a heart-warming 5 star read.’ (5 stars) Jan’s Book Buzz  'truly engaging characters that are believable and a story that is applicable the world over. I found myself not wanting to put the book down.' Jen Med’s Book Reviews  ‘filled with emotional turmoil and love, this is a story that took me completely by surprise. A gorgeous and memorable gem of a book with well written and likeable characters who will stay with me for some time to come.’ Cal Turner Reviews  ‘The story is gripping, emotional and really unique… I loved it and I heartily recommend it.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘From the very first few pages I was hooked… This was just beautiful in many ways. Perfect for a holiday read.’ (5 stars) Goodreads reviewer  ‘It was a simple story with plenty of twists to keep a reader hooked, and the added dash of culture that may be unfamiliar to some, but gives it the spice to make you savour it.’ (5 stars) Goodreads reviewer  I really enjoyed reading about these two women, Soma and Yamuna…The opening was tense and exciting, and there was a definite pageturner aspect to the story as I waited for Soma's past to catch up with her.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘What a captivating story…it pulled me instantly with its heart wrenching emotion’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘The story was not complex, it wa