Shepard Stone It's probably not a very well kept secret that Camp Walt drives me absolutely insane. He pesters me at every turn, shows up at my place of employment and touches all my stuff and finds my cold, sometime rude demeanor humorous. It's like he finds all my buttons and tromps all over them. And yet, I have the most ridiculous crush on the man. Can't get him out of my head. When a few bounties, little gremlin hunters whose sole purpose in life is to hunt and kill hellhounds, are brave enough to show up on Terra Mortis in my lab, I manage to get away and pop up in the only place I've always known I will feel safe. Camp Walt's arms.  Camp Walt  As a shifter, not being able to smell the person I feel in my heart is probably my mate, means many, many frustrating encounters with an unfriendly being that I find incredibly endearing. When I find out he is a hellhound, I just know he has to be my mate and all I have to do is talk him into letting me scent him. When I finally just ask him on a date, I'm actually surprised when he agrees. But before I even get the chance to take him out, he's attacked, and due to what these little beasts can do to him if they catch him, I'm going to become his bodyguard and shadow. When Shepard agrees, I don't think he quite understands just how thorough I plan to be at my job.   Warning: Mpreg elements! (Though the MCs in this book aren't and cannot get pregnant, this is a spin-off series from my Chosen series. Occasional Mpreg characters might have cameos. You've been warned!)  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::   