"If you've ever wondered what the adjectives "rip-snorting" or "humdinger" mean, pick up The Chaos of Change by J.T. Riggen and you'll know." - Readers' Favorite Reviews"...Intense. Fast paced! A DEFINITE recommend!" - Author Viga Boland "Political thriller writing at its best! A satisfying blend of fast-paced action and strong characterization makes for a fine story that's riveting, realistic, and hard to put down." - D. Donovan, Senior Reviewer, Midwest Book Reviews "Riggen meticulously takes these characters and wraps them in both their pride and arrogance, before sending them off to dance to Death's tune." - Robin Goodfellow, Black Magic Reviews"I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for an explosive story!" - Author Kaylin McFarrenA second revolution...A second civil war...New-age American heroes will rise and fall...The struggle in the new world begins.Welcome to the imminent future: the American political gap is maximized; the individual states have begun clamoring for the disbandment of their federal government for its lack of stability; multiple power-hungry groups lick their chops at the thought of grabbing the reigns of the United States of America. And then a nation defining incident occurs, Article V of the U.S. Constitution is activated, and three sovereign territories come into existence.But this hardly bothers Thaddeus Jackson – the son of a popular former president – who had money, fame, and a promising career in politics…until he ran away to the Alaskan wilderness to live in peace away from his family and the growing civil unrest.What few know is that an elite group – led by Shane Wallace, Director of the CIA – has taken action. They recruit the very hesitant Thaddeus to be part of a diplomatic team tasked to negotiate the seemingly impossible peace between the liberal leaders of the North and his dysfunctional, republican family that now runs the South. The team includes Lozen Kyway, a highly-trained female agent turned bodyguard; Dr. Andreas Albrecht, a brilliant engineer and scientist who believes he’s discovered a truly sustainable, albeit dangerous, energy source; and Tomas Martinez, the former Vice President.This elite group, and all its supporting team, will come together in a race against the clock to divert the territories away from war. New-age patriots will rise and fall, and new threats to democracy – never before imagined – will emerge from the shadows. Can the well-intentioned come together fast enough to ward off war in the states? Whose intentions are noble? Whose are full of malicious intent? Prepare yourself for an American era teeming with espionage, lies, murder, manipulation, and never ending hope...The Chaos of Change!