Crawford Russell  Lincoln Reed saved my life one night nearly five years ago when my drunken father almost killed me. I left town that night with my little sister and didn't come back until my father died two years later, and by that time, Lincoln was going to college out of state. I haven't seen him in person since that night, but we've kept in touch via text, call and video chat almost since I've been back to Crossville TN and falling more and more in love with him each day. Now he's coming back to town and needs a place to stay until he finds his own. In a moment of stupidity, I offer him the extra room in my house. I know I don't have a chance with the gorgeous man. He's a sleek, beautiful, educated man with a heart of gold, and I'm a grizzled bar owner who's scarily close to following in his father's alcoholic footsteps.  Lincoln Reed  Accepting Crawford's offer to come stay with him when I get back to Crossville is both a dream come true and absolutely terrifying. As a shifter, there is always that chance I'm going to find my mate which SHOULD deter me from falling in love with anyone who isn't him. Should. Hasn't. I'm head over heels for my brother's best friend and I'm about to be spending a lot more time with him. To say I'm shocked when I first see Crawford in person after five years––or more appropriately my first smell him––is an understatement, and it explains everything. My excitement is short lived when he disappears one day while I'm out, and a slip up from a streak member tells me I have every reason to be worried about what has happened to my mate.  Warning: Mpreg elements!  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::  