All I Want for Christmas is a big, cozy Christmas story about the importance of family, the strength of childhood friendships, and learning to trust your heart.  Fans of Carole Matthews, Susan Wiggs and Susan Mallery – and anyone who likes the glow of Christmas lights and the rustle of wrapping paper – will fall in love with this feel-good Christmas treat.  Christmas comes once a year . . . But true love comes once in a lifetime.  Snowflakes are falling, there’s carol singing on every corner, and Leah Evans is preparing for a family Christmas at her grandmother’s majestic plantation house in Virginia. It won’t be the same now that her beloved Nan is gone, but when Leah discovers she has inherited the mansion, she knows she can give her daughter Sadie the childhood of her dreams.  But there’s a catch. Leah must split the house with a man called David Forester. Leah hasn’t heard that name in a long time. Not since they were kids, when Davey was always there to catch her.  Now David is all grown up. He’s gorgeous, successful, and certain of one thing: Leah should sell him her half of the house.  They can’t agree, but as they share memories over wine by the log fire, Leah notices a fluttering in her stomach. And by the look in his eyes, he’s starting to feel it too.  Will it be Leah or David who must give up their dreams? Or, with a little bit of Christmas magic, will they finally understand Nan’s advice to them both about living life without regrets … and take a chance on true love?   What everyone’s saying about Jenny Hale’s books …  ‘Captured my heart from the very first page and never let it go … Jenny is quickly becoming one of my favorite authors … One minute I’m giggling and the next there is a huge lump in my throat … My heart melted … I just wanted to reach in the pages and give them all hugs. I can’t wait to read more by this wonderful author.’ Color Me Read  ‘Absolutely fantastic, I loved this book and will definitely be remembering and revisiting it in future. Jenny Hale is a supremely accomplished and highly talented author. I can’t wait to read more from her!’ Splashes into Books  ‘A perfect romance read. Full of tension and heart-wrenching feelings … Oh I really did enjoy it … One to lift my mood and put a smile on my face and warmth in my heart … Full of charismatic characters, family love and bonds, honesty, small town loveliness and soul mates. Reading perfection!’ 5/5 Pajama Book Girl  ‘This book is the epitome of everything I love about reading, about fiction and about romance. It was heart-warming, touching, upsetting, endearing, beautiful and one hundred other adjectives I could reel off… It’s an absolute must-read for any romance fan.’ Paris Baker’s Book Nook