Lonely Planet Japan is your passport to the most relevant, up-to-date advice on what to see and skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. Explore a bamboo grove in Arashiyama, marvel at Shinto and Buddhist architecture in Kyoto, or relax in the hot springs of Noboribetsu Onsen; all with your trusted travel companion. Get to the heart of Japan and begin your journey now!Inside Lonely Planet Japan Travel Guide:Colour maps and images throughoutHighlights and itineraries help you tailor your trip to your personal needs and interestsInsider tips to save time and money and get around like a local, avoiding crowds and trouble spotsEssential info at your fingertips - hours of operation, phone numbers, websites, transit tips, pricesHonest reviews for all budgets - eating, sleeping, sight-seeing, going out, shopping, hidden gems that most guidebooks missCultural insights give you a richer, more rewarding travel experience - history, festivals, hiking, onsen, cuisine, architecture, sport, traditional accommodation, geisha, visual arts, performing arts, literature, music, environment, cinemaFree, convenient pull-out Tokyo map (included in print version), plus over 140 mapsCovers Tokyo, Mt Fuji, Nikko, Narita, Kamakura, Hakone, Nagoya, Gifu, Kanazawa, Nagano, Kyoto, Kansai, Hiroshima, Okayama, Osaka, Kobe, Nara, Matsue, Sapporo, Shikoku, Tokushima, Fukuoka, Okinawa and moreThe Perfect Choice: 
  Lonely Planet
 Japan, our most comprehensive guide to Japan, is perfect for both exploring top sights and taking roads less travelled.Looking for a guide focused on Tokyo? Check out 
  Lonely Planet Tokyo
 guide for a comprehensive look at all the city has to offer; Best of Japan, a photo-rich guide to the country's most popular attractions; or Pocket Tokyo a handy-sized guide focused on the can't-miss sights for a quick trip.About Lonely Planet: Since 1973, Lonely Planet has become the world's leading travel media company with guidebooks to every destination, an award-winning website, mobile and digital travel products, and a dedicated traveller community. Lonely Planet covers must-see spots but also enables curious travellers to get off beaten paths to understand more of the culture of the places in which they find themselves. The world awaits!Lonely Planet guides have won the TripAdvisor Traveler's Choice Award in 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016.'Lonely Planet. It's on everyone's bookshelves; it's in every traveller's hands. It's on mobile phones. It's on the Internet. It's everywhere, and it's telling entire generations of people how to travel the world.' -- Fairfax Media 'Lonely Planet guides are, quite simply, like no other.' - New York Times0207Lonely Planet Japan is your passport to the most relevant, up-to-date advice on what to see and skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. Explore a bamboo grove in Arashiyama, marvel at Shinto and Buddhist architecture in Kyoto, or relax in the hot springs of Noboribetsu Onsen; all with your trusted travel companion.0401http://media.lonelyplanet.com/onix-fe... Planet0101GOODREPRUSLonely Planet Global Limitedhttp://www.lonelyplanet.comIE08201708... PLANET (AMERICAS)WORLD41160102Lonely PlanetTrade29.99USDWORLDZ