
  I'm Eddie Collins, a CSI. This is the story of how I saw a dead man die.
I was finishing up at a sudden death in an old house, waiting for the body snatchers to arrive, when I heard a noise from the cellar.I had time to kill, so I went to investigate.Turns out I wasn't the only one with killing on his mind.If you like fast-paced crime thrillers with a forensic slant, raw emotions, and characters that reach out of the book and grab you by the throat, you’ll love Andrew Barrett’s CSI Eddie Collins series.To find out what's in that cellar, buy The Lock today.
  Andrew Barrett is the best-selling author of the Eddie Collins Series. It will appeal to fans of authors like Ian Rankin, Robert Bryndza and Kathy Reichs.

  What people are saying about The Lock.
Andy Barrett, you know how to snatch the breath from a reader’s chest.This book is dark and ugly but has just enough humour dotted around to make you giggle when you know you really shouldn't.The writing, as strong as always, is crisp, immediate and loaded with sarcasm.This novella sucks you right in from the first page.Barrett is the master of tension with laugh out loud moments interspersed throughout.I had to remind myself to breathe. The Lock is graphic, imaginative, and brilliantly written. Truly breath-taking.I love how the tension escalates.Try to stop reading....you can’t!Andrew Barrett is a master of his game!“The Lock” by Andrew Barrett is a macabre little thriller of a novella.With the class of Alfred Hitchcock, a seriously disturbing black and white story that will keep you awake after you hit the sack.This is my favourite Eddie Collins CSI novella yet!I love the way Andrew Barrett adds the wit and humour into the story.Brilliant story, great humour and very scary! Loved It!Had me scared out of my wits one minute laughing myself silly the next!Oh how I love Andy's writing!This book is dark and twisted; it will make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end.Although this book is a novella it packs a mighty punch and will keep you hooked.