Texas Strange is a 3 book bundle featuring the best of Terry M. West's Deep-Fried horror! These stories are set in Texas and include:  Dreg (Novel/Horror/Suspense) Louisiana. 1940. Madness thrives in the Pointe au Chien and a dark legacy is embraced. A bayou boy is baptized in city blood and a pack as old as time rises from the swamps. A man beast escapes his shackles, and the hunt begins- a hunt that will last for decades. A hunt fueled by the moon. For when the moon is full, the beast rises. And the blood flows. Houston, Texas. 1999. Lucas Glover is a local psychic who assists the police. Lucas' supernatural abilities are faltering and his health has been greatly affected by his gift. He is brought in by the police commissioner to help profile and track down the Keepsake Killer. The Keepsake Killer is a mass murder who has eluded the police for almost two decades. Lucas is partnered with William Harlson, a hard as nails, skeptical and terminally ill homicide detective who sees stopping the killer as his last hurrah. As the investigation progresses, Lucas is plagued by strange dreams and he develops a connection with an otherworldly force that slowly reveals the origins of the killer. Lucas discovers that he is dealing with a primal force of nature far more dangerous than any human serial killer. And when the Keepsake Killer strikes close to home, Lucas has to push his abilities farther than they have ever been pushed. Even if it kills him.  Turning Face (Novella/Horror/Comedy) Tojo Smith has a serious problem. He is the number one heel for a small wrestling promotion in Texas. He is also an earthbound demon and his mission is to inspire hatred in people. This is his service to the greater evil. But suddenly, the wrestling fans start to cheer for Tojo. He goes from the most hated villain of his promotion to the most cheered antihero. And no matter how loathsome his actions in the ring become, his popularity soars. When Hell notices this imbalance, Tojo is given an ultimatum: get the hate flowing again or be sent down into the fiery pits!  Cecil and Bubba meet the Thang (Novella/Horror/Comedy/Sci-Fi) Cecil &amp; Bubba spend what they think will be an uneventful Halloween night at McGee's Gas, Garage and 24 Hour Convenience center until a pair of FBI agents brings a van in for emergency service work. The agents are hauling a weird cargo and Rosalita's curse soon causes an ancient evil to rise and walk the earth once more. Cecil &amp; Bubba find themselves not only fighting for their lives, but for the very planet as well. Can our two heroes prevail over the horror of THE THANG? Prepare yourself for a close encounter of the horrifying and hilarious kind!  Pop open a cold one and have a heaping helping of Texas Strange! 