Winner of the Outstanding Christian/Religious Fiction in the 2018 IAN Book of the Year Awards2018 Readers' Favorite Silver Medal Winner in Christian Fiction.Winner of the 2018 American Fiction Awards in the Christian Inspirational category.What happens to a family when the hurt gets so bad that an outsider decides to take things into his own hands and it may not be for the better?A family will change in 5 days. Will it be for better or worse?Her Good Girl is a coming-of-age suspenseful story of a whole family. Sadie suffers through her mother’s home-remedies for her illnesses, hoping if she can make it to the fall when she will leave for college, then she’ll be fine. Sky, a classmate, who showers her with kindness and admiration, opens her eyes that she might not live that long if her mom has her way. His solution for a happily-ever-after is not pretty. But, can she partner with Sky to hurt the mom who has hurt her for years?5-Star Review by Edith Wairimu for Readers' Favorite (2018 Silver Award):In a sleepy small town in West Virginia, a child struggles to survive. Sadie Tremont feels trapped. She wishes she could be normal like other ordinary kids her age. With her guarded personality, there is little hope she will find the help she needs. Then there is Sky, a loving young lad who has finally gotten Sadie's attention. For once in her life, Sadie starts to feel wanted; she starts to realize that she matters. But can she trust Sky? Elaine Stock weaves in another character that will play a crucial role in Sadie’s life; her name is Callie. As Her Good Girl’s plot picks up pace, Sadie begins to understand that what she is going through is not normal. Despite her grandmother and father’s incomprehension, things start to take a hopeful turn.Her Good Girl by Elaine Stock is enthralling and, in many ways, informative. For starters, the characters are very well crafted. Sadie, the main character, fits the theme. She is tight-lipped, barely wanting to speak about what she is experiencing. Even so, she is determined to live. This is initially portrayed when she plans a meet-up with Sky, defying Tara-Lynn’s instructions. Elaine Stock sheds light on a syndrome that few know much about. She writes about the symptoms of Munchhausen By Proxy (MBP). Further, she covers the environment in which the syndrome thrives so that it goes unnoticed and how healing and awareness can be achieved. Also included is the reading group guide which helped me put into perspective the main messages that the author wanted to communicate.