Praise for Empire State of Mind(http://jayzbook.com)“Fascinating, well-done biography of one of the most extraordinary entrepreneurs of our era.” – Steve Forbes"Zack O'Malley Greenburg has become one of the rare reporters to bring dignified coverage of the hip-hop business into the mainstream. Empire State of Mind is a pure product of Greenburg's care and insight, an exploration of hip-hop's most enigmatic mogul, Jay-Z." – Dan Charnas, author of The Big Payback: The History of the Business of Hip-Hop"Empire State Of Mind follows the money and key pieces of the Jay-Z puzzle in this insightful, savvy read. From Jay's humble Bed-Stuy Brooklyn roots as Shawn Carter into street crime and the drug game, to his rocket rise to the heights of hip-hop and the music business as one of entertainments most successful players...this book is like a GPS leading us through the modern urban reality of how Jay-Z's empire was built.” – Fred "Fab 5 Freddy" Brathwaite, hip-hop pioneer, artist, and longtime host of Yo! MTV Raps"Lively and often surprising, Empire State Of Mind analyzes one of the greatest assets of the hip-hop generation: the business mind of Jay-Z. In capturing Jay-Z's refuse to lose mentality, Zack O'Malley Greenburg tells an important, instructive American story of our time." – Jeff Chang, author of Can't Stop Won't Stop: A History of the Hip-Hop GenerationAbout Empire State of MindYou can wake up to the local radio station playing Jay-Z's latest hit, spritz yourself with his 9IX cologne, slip on a pair of his Rocawear jeans, lace up your Reebok S. Carter sneakers, catch a Nets basketball game in the afternoon, and grab dinner at The Spotted Pig before heading to an evening performance of the Jay-Z-backed Broadway musical Fela! and a nightcap at his 40/40 Club. He'll profit at every turn of your day. Empire State of Mind tells the story behind Jay-Z's rise to the top as told by the people who lived it with him--from classmates at Brooklyn's George Westinghouse High School; to the childhood friend who got him into the drug trade; to the DJ who convinced him to stop dealing and focus on music. This book explains just how Jay-Z propelled himself from the bleak streets of Brooklyn to the heights of the business world. Zack O'Malley Greenburg draws on his one-on-one interviews with hip-hop luminaries such as DJ Clark Kent, Questlove of The Roots, Damon Dash, Fred "Fab 5 Freddy" Brathwaite, MC Serch; NBA stars Jamal Crawford and Sebastian Telfair; and recording industry executives including Craig Kallman, CEO of Atlantic Records, to paint a tantalizing portrait of a very private mogul. Greenburg also reveals new information on Jay-Z's various business dealings, such as: *	The feature movie about Jay-Z and his first basketball team that was filmed by Fab 5 Freddy in 2003 but never released. *	The Jay-Z branded Jeep that was scrapped just before going into production. *	The real story behind his association with Armand de Brignac champagne. *	The financial ramifications of his marriage to Beyonce. Jay-Z's tale is compelling not just because of his celebrity, but because it embodies the rags-to-riches American dream and is a model for any entrepreneur looking to build a commercial empire.