This box set contains 10 paranormal erotica shorts. It is intended for a mature audience who enjoy their erotica a bit more on the horror side. 18+Vampire Fetish SeriesBook One “One Bite”Kaylen is a woman who is seeking the truth and finds more than she bargained for. Join Kaylen, a homicide detective and her partner, Sebastian, a man who would do anything to protect her, as they weave their way through a deep and dark maze to uncover a mysterious murder that hit way to close to home for Kaylen. "One Bite" is a seductive and dirty read, exposing not only Kaylen and Sebastian’s wild passions but will send you on a journey from the harsh streets of New York city to the dangerous hillsides of Romania. This story is filled with lust and devilish vampires, who have no compassion for humanity.Book Two “Two Bites”Kaylen and Sebastian are homicide detectives and new members of the undead. Bound together with blood lust and hell bent on avenging Kaylen's mother's brutal murder they find themselves out of their depth with a new vampire, Johnny, in tow. Desperate to catch the head vamp responsible for their 'condition' they take extreme measures, but at what cost?Book Three “Three bites Four”Three bites four is the final book in the Vampire Fetish series. Join Kaylen, Sebastian and Johnny as they battle for their future as well as all of mankind.Kaylen wakes to a horrific truth, one she never saw coming. Once regaining her strength she embarks on a mission to find the truth and perhaps, to save a love she finds impossible to live without. This entire series is intended for a mature audience who enjoy their vampires with bite. 18+SWITCHChloe is a typical college student still deciding her future and who will be in it. After an outing with her boyfriend Daniel, they experience something terrible together that opens Chloe's eyes to a world she never believed in before. Something dark and menacing hovers over her now and forces her to step outside of her comfort zone when an opportunity arises to investigate it further. Will she ever understand what happened to her that fateful night? Will she come to grips with love lost? Or will the darkness overtake her?Wolves and WitchesFor David and Michelle acting is a passion. There is undeniable chemistry between them on the set of their new movie. They play Misha and Emerson, highly trained werewolf slayers. After a night of passion, following a steamy love scene, the fantasy they have been acting out spills over into reality, with dire consequences.Hunter’s Blood SeriesBook One “Hunter’s Blood”Welcome to the world of deviant vampires who can never get enough.Vanessa is a tortured soul, or perhaps a tortured immortal. She is a girl who was turned at the age of 18 and is battling her growing hunger for blood and sexual gratification.Vanessa dreams of 'Hunter', the boy who gave her this gift, or perhaps it is a curse.We shall soon find out how hard it is to fight the needs of a vampire who is trying to pretend that humanity still lives in a heart that is no longer beating.Book Two “Snakes and Sinners”In book two in the "Hunter's Blood" series, we follow Vanessa and Hunter as they try to forge a new life together after Vanessa has been fully infected with Hunter's Blood. Being a vampire is still something Vanessa does not want to fully accept and the battle between her fleeting humanity and strong desire to feed and explore her sexual needs gets worse by the hour.In her addiction, she desperately tries to hold on but the worst thing happens...love, or better yet, the need for it.Book Three “Catch and Release”In this third installment of the Hunter's Blood series, both Hunter and Vanessa are on thin ice as they try to control their vampire wants and needs. Hunger overwhelms, the sex is intense and the blood is king. Is it possible to skirt humanity as an immortal? Find out as you continue on with two vampires who have little to no control, one allows it and the other fights to maintain it.Book Four “Beautiful Breakdown”"Beautiful Breakdown", book four in the Hunter's Blood Series, is a dark and twisted turn in a vampiric tale of love, lust and the search for truth. Vanessa has been on her own for a year, struggling with memory glitches and her want for Hunter. She knows that without him she may give herself the chance she has been hoping for, a chance to feel. Will she finally feel the sunlight on her face? or place the last nail in the proverbial coffin of her mind.Book Five “Darkness to Light”In this fifth installment of Hunter's Blood, Vanessa's mental state is further pushed to the brink of what is real and what is illusion. She slowly uncovers her true relation to Hunter and to her world around her while the reader is left shocked at every turn.