The light fades as she runs for her life, the forest now becoming quieter around her. The only noise she hears is the sound of footsteps following her...  It’s hiking season in Black Rock Falls and the small town in Montana is flooded with visitors. But when a hiker finds a human skull on a deserted trail in the woods that surround the town, Detective Jenna Alton is called in to investigate.  With no missing persons reported, Jenna has no leads. Then her team makes a shocking discovery – the body of another hiker, a young man, tied to a tree and riddled with bullets. Could the two murders be linked?  As more bodies are found, Jenna and her deputy David Kane know that they must venture deep into the forest to find and face the killer. But nothing can prepare them for what awaits them there…  If you love Robert Dugoni, Karin Slaughter and Rachel Abbott you’ll love this nail-biting thriller from D.K. Hood.   
  What readers are saying about D.K. Hood:
  ‘WOW!!! I read this book in one sitting … gripping … I was swept away ... I simply can't wait for the next book.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘WOW WOW WOW!!!!! ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!! … From literally the first page you're hooked and gripped!! Kept on the edge of my seat throughout I just couldn't put it down … my new all time favourite author!! … I just wish I could've given it more than five stars!!!' Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Wow this book was amazing… totally thrilling and had me hanging on to every word… leaves you wanting more… Well worth 5 stars, in fact I wish I could give it more.’ Bonnie’s Book Talk, 5 stars  ‘Oh my flipping goodness!! ... kept me guessing until the very last page … I cannot fault this book at all – if I could read it all over again for the very first time, I would jump at the chance … Hard hitting, addictive, and incredibly chilling … A truly toe curling read – fantastic!' The Writing Garnet, 5 stars   ‘I absolutely love D.K Hood… an amazing author!! … a book that I absolutely devoured! From cover to cover you’re gripped. I can't wait for the next one!!’ Goodreads, 5 stars  ‘A huge five star rating for a fantastic book… kept me gripped throughout and I loved it.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘I was taken on a rollercoaster ride … it leaves you gripping the edge of your seat in anticipation … will keep you hooked from the very beginning.' Stardust Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘Amazing story … gripping … you just can't wait for more… Definitely 6 out of 5 stars!’ Sean’s Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘Five massive stars, a phenomenal read which will certainly having me coming back for more.’ Sweet Little Book Blog, 5 stars  ‘I was completely addicted to the story. I flew through the pages and read the book in an evening – I would have struggled to put it down!!’ Donna’s Book Blog, 5 stars