The full-length STANDALONE romantic comedy AND romantic suspense (I know, it's both!) debut from the owner of the popular bookish Etsy store, Bookified! Lena Douglas may be a world-famous Instagram model, but she hates it. She’s a real InstaPrincess, reigning over her court of perfectly airbrushed selfies and avocado toast posts, but at twenty-six, she’s running out of time before the Internet moves on to a younger model. Starting her own fitness line is the perfect escape.  But the thing about new companies? They kind of need a little cash. A mentor who can show Lena how to run a business wouldn’t hurt, either. Fortunately, she’s rented the house of a man who could be her perfect business partner. If she agrees to accompany him to events as his date, he might just fund her line.  Too bad she doesn’t have time for distractions.  Too bad her new neighbor is stupidly attractive.  Too bad he’s the neighbor from hell.  Travis Grant has spent his entire career building his father’s construction company into the success it is today. Now that his father has finally handed the reins over to him, Travis is more than ready to take that success to a whole new level.The perfect way to do that? Do a killer job constructing the new civic center for Travis’ small Arizona town, a desperately-needed new building to keep the town afloat. The only problem? Not everyone is sure Travis can handle such an important project, especially John Masterson, the arch nemesis of Travis’ father since their infancy.Travis is determined to complete the project without a hitch. But that’s before a beautiful woman moves in next door. A beautiful woman who can’t seem to keep the noise down no matter how many times he calls the police.Too bad he doesn’t have time for distractions. Too bad his sleep-deprived mind can’t focus on work because of the racket next door. Too bad all he can think about is tasting his new neighbor. More wonderful awesomeness about Miss InstaPrincess:-This standalone, happily-ever-after romance is told in alternating points of view between the hero and heroine (Travis and Lena.) It switches every couple of chapters.-All you need to know about Travis: Wealthy. Sarcastic. Construction Worker. Trust me, it works.-There is just a BIT of a bromance between Travis and his best friend. Prepare yourself.-This is a full-length, standalone novel of about 80,000 words BUT it also includes the first chapter of the standalone sequel coming Fall 2018 and featuring characters you'll meet in Miss InstaPrincess and come to love!