Jamie:I only have two rules: I don’t tangle with anyone who wants a relationship. And I’m the one who decides when it’s over.The guys I see are quick and dirty—that’s what I want. I keep my head down and my heart to myself. The only person who sees the real me is my daughter, and I need it to stay that way.My life is small, and the guys at my new job hate me—and they’ve got plenty of good reasons. I’m not the kind of guy who deserves a redemption. I keep my life simple, small, and easy.Well, I kept it that way. The minute I saw Cole Gunn, everything changed. He’s a hardbodied bundle of sensuality and pent-up desire. He keeps looking my way when I run into him at the gym. Cole is the exception to both of my rules—but he’s an ex-con, I’m a cop, and my boss was the one who landed him in prison for a decade. But that’s not going to stop me from trying.Cole:I don’t fit in here in Abingdon. I don’t have a fancy job, and I got my degree in prison instead of at Jackson Academy. My only goal now is survival, and I don’t have time for anything else.Yeah, I had dreams. I wanted a boyfriend, maybe a family. That went down the tubes the second I was convicted. My name has been cleared, but the scars are still there—and no good man would want anything to do with me. Did I say Jamie Grant was a good man? He’s not. But he might be the brashest son of a b*tch I’ve ever met. He rolled up to my uncle’s farm the week after I got out of the clink to accuse me of stealing the beehives on my property, and he started undressing me with his eyes long before he proved my innocence. I dodge every one of his advances. I keep telling him he’s pissing me off, that I don’t want a damn bit of what he’s offering, that he’s a fool for hanging around. None of that is true, of course, and that sizzling hot smirk tells me he knows it. I can’t get that infuriating man off my mind—and the things I’d do to him in bed would make a stripper blush.In the midst of an investigation where I’m getting framed all over again, Jamie Grant is the only one who cares about my story. He keeps coming back, begging for more. If this is what life is like on the outside, I might just want more of it. Smoking Gunn is the seventh book in the Bridge to Abingdon series. Each book focuses on one sizzling couple, and each can be read as a standalone. There’s plenty of hot mm love, lots of sensual firsts, lovely beehives, crazy uncles, and an HEA that’s sweeter than honey. Cole Gunn and Jamie Grant are the redemption at the end of the Abingdon Series. Enjoy!