What are the two most important days in your life? -The day you are born and the day you find out why, - Mark Twain famously wrote.The search for happiness is hardwired in our DNA. It transcends age, gender, geography, vocation, and personal circumstances. But how do you achieve it?Through inspirational storytelling, scientific evidence, practical advice, captivating exercises, and poetry, Dr. Sanjiv Chopra and Gina Vild present a powerful message that shows you how to achieve happiness no matter the challenges and stumbling blocks you face along the way. They also reveal the best way to be happy: Discover and live your life's purpose. It's a sure path to human flourishing. In fact, you may be surprised to learn that living with purpose can even add years to your life.Do you know your life's purpose? This book offers a path to discovering it by illuminating the value of gratitude, forgiveness, meditation, music, friendship and so much more. It will set you on the right path and spark sustained happiness, joy and bliss.“This majestic book has much wisdom to savor and practical steps to help you navigate life's many forks. I promise it will delight!”—Deepak Chopra“This delightful book will instruct and entertain. I can’t think of anyone who would not find this useful; for many a reader it will be life- changing.”—Abraham Verghese, author of Cutting for Stone“Everyone will find warm, down-to-earth, common-sense approaches to making life richer and more satisfying. You will be inspired as you read it cover-to-cover and then return for practical reminders of what you can do today, in this moment, to bring more joy and meaning to your life.”—Robert Waldinger, M.D., director of Harvard Study of Adult Development “This book is a refreshing refuge from simplistic happiness prescriptions. The treasures found here illuminate the moment to moment choices we can make to build immunity and well being as we take a stand on what matters most.” —Ellen Wingard, Global Leadership Coach for Social Impact “Radiating a sense of joy and wonder throughout its pages, this book inspires reflection and offers simple yet important changes that will bring renewal and purpose to one’s life. Grounded in science, it illuminates a path forward with practical and engaging exercises and inspirational poetry.” — Andrew Carroll, New York Times bestselling author and co-founder, with the Nobel Laureate Joseph Brodsky, of the American Poetry &amp; Literacy Project“Sanjiv Chopra and Gina Vild have gracefully woven the wisdom of generations and recent scientific research into a delightfully practical understanding of how each of us can achieve happiness. And, importantly, how we can share it with others. You will definitely find yourself saying ‘Wow, I can do that!’ And, smiling to yourself.” —Richard Celeste, former Governor of Ohio and US Ambassador to India “As the world gets more connected, Sanjiv Chopra and Gina Vild remind us of the most important connection: with yourself.” —Bharat Anand, Henry R. Byers Professor of Business Administration, Harvard Business School, author The Content Trap“Dr. Sanjiv Chopra and Gina Vild have created a pith compilation of life meaning and purpose—a book you can open to any page on any day and find ways to manifest your unique path.” —Kyra Bobinet, M.D. MPH, author of Well-Designed Life, CEO, engagedIN, Consulting Faculty, Stanford School of Medicine“Vild and Chopra show exactly how to create happiness that is authentic, inspiring, and sustainable for anyone willing to open themselves to ask the questions and take the journey.”—Mark Bonchek, Ph.D., CEO of Shift Thinking“Chopra and Vild prescribe a simple recipe of practicing Gratitude, Forgiveness, and Compassion to achieve Happiness. It is hard not to internalize it and accept it by the time you reach the end of the book.” —Desh Deshpande, serial entrepreneur, founder of Deshpande Center for Technological Innovation at MIT“The most practical, comprehensive, and evidence-based guide to happiness I’ve ever read! A must-read that can change your life!” —Elan Divon, author, spiritual teacher, and cofounder of The Einstein Legacy Project and Genius 100 Visions, the world’s first 3D printed book“This fun book offers practical advice to help you become a happier and more fulfilled person. In the process you may actually end up making the world a better place for all.”—Peng Fan, M.D., professor of Clinical Medicine, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA “A true gift you will both richly enjoy and want to share with others.” —Lachlan Forrow, M.D., Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Harvard Medical School, President Emeritus, The Albert Schweitzer Fellowship“For those who wonder what to do next after hearing Joseph Campbell’s advice—‘find your bliss.’” —Sum P Lee, M.D. Ph.D, professor emeritus of Medicine, University of Washington; Dean of Medicine, University of Hong Kong“Chopra and Vild cleverly combine scientific research, poignant stories, and insightful strategies for making the most of your life on earth and being happy.” —Valerie Mosley, investor, global wealth strategist “Perfectly inspiring and exquisitely uplifting.”—Debbie Phillips, founder, Women on Fire®“A trove of powerful insights, exquisitely chosen poetry, and profoundly instructive quotes that evoke an authentic path to human happiness that I can reference and share for years to come.” —Christine Roess, cofounder of Cybeleum Consulting“Takes the reader on an adventurous journey of wisdom, stories and inspirations leaving one with much to reflect on and much to be looking forward to in this world.” —Zainab Salbi, founder of Women for Women International, author, and media personality"Read this wonder-filled book and find out why you are here.” —Scott Snook, MBA Class of 1958 Senior Lecturer of Business Administration, Harvard Business School“Chopra and Vild bring true happiness within our grasp with simple, wonderfully illustrated steps using self awareness, service, and kindness. A delightful, happy, purposeful read.”—Venkat Srinivasan, author of The Intelligent Enterprise in the Era of Big Data“This book is a gem: a timely offering on a timeless topic, chock-full of time-tested ideas. Don’t just read it; inhale it!”—Vikas P. Sukhatme, M.D. ScD, Victor J. Aresty Professor of Medicine, Harvard Medical School and Chief Academic Officer, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center “The book soars high with inspiring philosophy and poetry and at the same time is grounded in fascinating studies, neuroscience, psychology, and surprising facts.” —Meta Wagner, author of What’s Your Creative Type?: Harness the Power of Your Artistic Personality“A must-read for anyone committed to their own happiness and the happiness of those they love.”—Adrian Wilkins, author of The Way of the Superior Dentist