Learn my tactics to earn as much as $60 per hour of my time - how to work from home and make money in your spare time - with nothing more than a computer and an internet connection - no prior experience required! I work WHENever and WHEREever I want, plus take time off whenever I please. Want to join me?  And don’t worry — I’m not about to suggest that you start writing books, become a blogger, build websites, start a Multi-Level Marketing business, fill out a pile of mind-numbing surveys, sell stuff on eBay, or bug your friends by trying to sell things to them.  My system is much easier to get up and running - it can be set up within 1 week - and can put cash in your pocket a lot sooner than most of those other options, plus has little to no start-up costs.   Imagine having the ability to make money in your spare time, to be able to earn extra cash each month, without having to get another job.  Wouldn’t it be great if you could earn this extra cash on YOUR terms and:   • work when you want, and where you want   • finally have the extra cash you need to afford a few luxuries in your monthly budget  • be able to take time off whenever you want, without having to beg for permission from your boss and arrange for it weeks or months in advance  • be able to double, triple, or quadruple your hourly wage once you learn to be more efficient at your work, rather than having your boss reward you with more work and zero extra pay  This book will teach you my method for doing all that, and more.  I’ve used this system anywhere from North American suburbia to Bali — how many JOBS can offer you that kind of flexibility? The ability to design your dream life, wherever you want it to be? Read this book and find out how to do it!   Learn how to work from home, or anywhere in the world!   I’ve earned money everywhere from home on my couch in suburbia to a cozy coffee shop overlooking a gorgeous marina in the tropics. This book will show you how.  If you’re looking for real ways to earn money from home, a system that’s flexible and works whether you’re just doing it in your spare time as a side hustle, or turning it into a full-time gig, you should read this book. I know this system works, because I use it even now.  You could be next. Buy this book and find out how to do it.