I initially published "Life and Death in a Single Breath" in 2016 with Xlibris publishing. I have since then published all my poetry and novels via Amazon KDP. My poetry can easily be described as eclectic, perhaps to say the least. I don't have a particular style, nor did take classes in poetry. It feels as though it is something I've always done. I began writing in earnest in the early 80's.I've also included some of my "blog" entries, or musings, if you will, as well as a few reviews, Kathy Kelch - 5.0 out of 5 stars: August 31, 2016: Format: PaperbackEvery time I reread one of the poems or musings in this book I gain a new perspective or insight into myself or into the wrirer...into life itself. I've been a long time fan of the writer and for years feared the loss of his work. Its wonderful to have it gathered and shared. I know new readers will enjoy and gain as much as I have from this book. Hint-reread them at various times. ..sunrise with a cup of coffee or a rainy afternoon and see how they change.Naoni: 5.0 out of 5 stars: A book worth reading!July 10, 2016Format: PaperbackThe poetry in this book can really make you feel, the emotions portrayed really comes out. You can feel his love for his wife and the pain he has experienced in life.In the book you will read bits and pieces of the author's life so you get a glimpse into who he is that makes you want more of his story.M. Grimsrud 5.0 out of 5 stars: Enjoy it and sometimes cry and sometimes makes me chuckleFormat: PaperbackHave this on our coffee table and pick up often for a lift me up or to get closer to the author. Enjoy it and sometimes cry and sometimes makes me chuckle. Great read, meditation, and gives me insight on many things. Thanks Robert.Bobbi: 5.0 out of 5 stars, (which is really amazing) to me. July 7, 2016: Format: Kindle Editionand is managing quite well!) I received this book as a gift from a friend of the author. It is the only book I own. I was never much of a reader growing up and have never bought a book in my 50 plus years, let alone read one all the way through. When I am reading his poetry I find myself blocking out the world around me. It's something I never expected. I have laughed and cried while reading them. I can't really explain the effect it has on me, other than to say that it takes me away and I feel things I haven't felt before. I keep it on my nightstand and read one or two almost every night before going to sleep. Some of them I read over and over, getting something different each time, which is really amazing to me. I recommend this book to anyone that likes poetry, and even to those who think they don't, like me before I started reading it.