Meet Akantha. Protector. Destined. Cursed. If there was anything Akantha hated more than the Nazis, it was Damianos. For twenty-four hundred years, Akantha has dedicated her life to defending mortals from destruction, yet the Nazis are determined not just to rule the world but destroy it. Working as a spy for one of Hitler's highest ranking officers, she learns that the Nazis are set to get their hands on the ultimate weapon, the Spear of Destiny. She will need the help of the one man she hoped she'd never see again to stop them.Loving Damianos was never a problem. Trusting him is another story. Forgiving him is impossible.Akantha is the Nazis' most wanted as she races them through Europe to locate the spear. The road is lined with bullets, betrayal, soldiers, and heartbreak. She must navigate it all, along with her past with Damianos, if she is to find the spear. Her life and the fate of the world hang on her success...or failure.Fans of Indiana Jones and Wonder Woman are sure to love this fast-paced adventure about a new form of immortal hero. Not quite a goddess, not a mere mortal. A woman with a curse and a destiny she isn't sure she is ready to face.AUTHOR INTERVIEWQ: Why do you co-write?A:  We had such different schedules when we met in a comic book chatroom that we were often the only people awake in the middle of the night. We started out co-writing to do something creative and discovered that our different views and writing strengths complimented each other and made the stories better. We wanted to write what we liked to read. The bonus is that our solo projects are better as well. We each have an available first reader to take a look and make suggestions.Q: What do you co-write?A:  Paranormal urban romance for adult and new adult genre. Our main focus has always been paranormal romance fantasies. Our books take normal, everyday life happening in everyday places and add a dash of paranormal flavor. Everyone is hiding something. Some secrets are bigger than others. Some are more dangerous. We explore those secrets and how they affect the people around them, and find a little romance while we're at it.Q: Why should readers pick up your books?A:  Our books will appeal to a wide variety of readers looking for a good story with touches of paranormal fantasy. Romance will abound, but the heroines and heroes have to work for it. Nothing worthwhile comes easy. We think readers will appreciate the twists and turns along the way. Hopefully they'll fall in love with the characters for the same reasons we do.Be sure to scroll up and hit that BUY NOW button to jump into a world of adventure, fantasy, paranormal, and of course, romance!