He’s the most notorious bad boy in royalty. The kind of man your mother warns you about. He’s not the man you get drunk with, or get tattoos with. He’s not the man you wake up naked in a hotel bed next to. Oh, and he’s definitely not the one you accidentally marry. Oops... Rough, wild, uncivilized and filthy. The tabloids like to write all sorts of sh*t about me, but some of it’s pretty spot on. Like the tattoo I’ve got you-know-where? Yeah, that one’s true. I wasn’t looking for trouble that night, but I sure found it in her – Princess Faith LaFleur. If I’m the notorious bad boy, she’s just as infamous for being good, sweet, innocent, and untouched. I saved her from a tight spot, but it all gets fuzzy from there. Fuzzy, close, kissing, tattooed, a couple of “I-do’s”, and a whole bunch of naked from there. And the next thing I know, I’m waking up next to the last girl on earth I should have anything to do with. Because that sweetness comes with a whole big helping of sass, and there’s more fire in her than I ever saw coming. Oh, and throw in the fact that her father’s behind a plot to take my crown and steal my kingdom, and we’ve got ourselves what you might call a situation. The world will tell me that this is wrong, and that I should walk away. …Not a chance. First, I made her my wife. But now, I’m going to make her mine.  Grab your best gown, put on your princess crown, and buckle up! Wickedly hot, dominant alpha prince? Check. Filthy, over-the-top, out-of-control fantasy? Also check. Packed with insta-love, kindle-melting steam and enough heat to make you summon a cold drink from your loyal subjects? Very, very check ;). Sit back, dig in, and enjoy! As with all my books, this one is safe, with no cheating, and a HEA guaranteed. This is a novella-length book of approximately 150 pages, though the page-count below and on your e-reader may show differently. For a limited time, this new release edition contains additional content for further reader enjoyment, as a thank you for your support.