Over 3000 downloads! Learn the secrets of witch hazel today!Learn to use witch hazel for: Treating acne and blemishes Treating hemorrhoids Healing diaper rash Reducing puffiness of the eyes Reducing poison ivy sting Relieving varicose veins Healing bruises Hair follicle infections Soothing sunburn Moisturizing dry skin Treating bug bites Refreshing tired, oily skin Refining pores Curing a sore throat Diarrhea Swimmer's ear Fighting dandruff Cleaning your dog's ears Household cleaner Air freshener For years, the survival of humans depended on alternative medicine. This branch of health care, which is unlike orthodox medication in several ways, was once considered the pinnacle of nature’s way of saving man’s life. However, over the years its importance and usage has seen a steady decline. The reasons for this trend are multifaceted, more so because alternative medicine had always been in conjunctive use with orthodox medical methods for years on end. Therefore, its decline can be attributed to the popularity and technological advancement of the modern health care industry. One of the most prominent reasons has been a shift in attitude on the part of medical practitioners and the masses in general. In the 1998 edition of the New England Journal of Medicine, the use of alternative medicine, especially herbal medication, had been severely criticized. Some of the major areas of contention revolved around this field being ‘...unregulated, unscientific and dangerous.’ Even though herbal medicine is usually considered free of side effects, thinking of it as perfect and a God sent was never a claim. Consequently, steadily after this revelation, herbal medication was sidelined and orthodox practices took over as the most reliable and widespread means of curing and curbing major and minor illnesses. The relatively small chunk of the population that still believes in herbal cures has become as extinct as the herbs themselves! After years of worshipping orthodox medicine and its miracles, a new found interest in organic produce has brought herbal medication to the forefront once again. However, this time the reason behind the interest and attitude shift has more to do with tackling the numerous side effects that modern medical practices have left in their wake. Herbs, their oils, essences and bi-products are being explored under a strict medical lens as sustainable future medicines. Therefore, the once bleak future of alternative medicine may just become more promising.