
  Lights. Camera. Action.
Gwenevere Solomon is the current "It" girl in Hollywood. The star of a dozen films, she seemingly has the world at her feet. Gwen's problem? She also has one very dangerous stalker at her door. His attacks are getting bolder, and Gwen is becoming more and more afraid. Because this stalker...he knows secrets that she's fought hard to keep buried. The kind of secrets that can destroy a woman's life.
  A ghost from her past can save her.
Gwen needs protection, and she needs that protection now. So enter her new leading man...Simon Forrest. Tall, dark, and ever-so deadly, Simon is the lover she left behind. Or rather, the lover who left her behind. He went off and became a SEAL, saving the world and riding one adrenaline high after the other. But he's back now, and as part of Wilde Securities, he's supposed to offer the best, most discreet protection service in the business. He'll pretend to be her lover so the press won't realize her life is going to hell, and Simon will stop her stalker.
  He can keep his hands off her...and keep her shielded at the same time.
Simon never got over Gwen, and the fact that she's been filling the big screen with her gorgeous self? Yeah, it's just made her even more tempting...and put her even further out of his reach. Simon was never good enough for Gwen, and he knew it. But this time, he can help her. He can catch the stalker, unmask the jerk, and keep Gwen shining in her spotlight. Easy as pie. Or, it should be.
  Except...Simon might not be able to stop himself from falling for her all over again. 
Because when the cameras stop watching, that's when the real action begins...GUARDING GWEN, a sexy romantic suspense from New York Times best-selling author Cynthia Eden.Author's Note: Love sexy suspense and second chance romance? Then GUARDING GWEN is for you. A stand-alone romance with no cliff-hangers, this title features one red-hot, alpha hero and a strong, funny heroine who has plenty of secrets hiding in her past.