The Sunshine Hideaway, with its big bay windows and stunning view of Sunflower Island’s golden beaches, is the only place Madison Skylar has ever truly thought of as home. Could returning to the island be the second chance she needs?   When twenty-three-year-old Madison arrives at The Sunshine Hideaway, she discovers the beautiful little guesthouse is falling into disrepair. With the help of old friends Amy and Connor, Madison throws herself into creating a gorgeous wellness retreat, introducing yoga sessions, adventure walks and ice-cream sundaes with a delicious twist. But will it be enough to save her childhood home?  Handsome and mysterious Connor has lived on Sunflower Island his whole life. He works hard as a builder, with his faithful dog Jaws by his side, but something is missing and he dreams of bigger things. As Connor helps to revamp The Sunshine Hideaway, this could be his opportunity to tell the woman he’s secretly been in love with for years how he really feels…  As spontaneous and fun-loving Madison settles into life on the close-knit island, sparks fly between her and shy Connor as they clash on the reinvention of the guesthouse. Are the they too different to make things work or will Madison and Connor finally find true love this year?  An utterly perfect, feel-good romance about the power of friendship, the meaning of home and the joy of falling in love in the sunshine. Perfect for fans of Carole Matthews, Milly Johnson and Debbie Macomber.  What readers are saying about Donna Ashcroft:  ‘Yes, yes, yes! This was the book that I have been waiting for all year! I absolutely loved it! Had me hooked from the first page… worth far more than five stars… Fab, fab, fab!!’ Stardust Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘Absolutely stunning from the very first page… This book is like a great big hug… wonderful… I absolutely loved it… I could give this more than 5/5 I totally would… Perfect.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Such a gorgeous read… I instantly fell in love… it’s like a big hug in a book and I loved every second of it… a wonderful, warm, enjoyable read that will make you feel-good. It’s got some fabulous characters in a gorgeous setting that will make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside. Fabulous read.’ Katie’s Book Cave  ‘Perfect!... Once I started reading it was very hard to put down… pure escapism… A delicious summer feast!’ Chells and Books, 5 stars  ‘Amazing… a joy to read… the perfect summer novel… from the start you'll be engulfed with delicious sounding food, lovely surroundings and delightful characters.’ The Cosiest Corner, 5 stars  ‘Oh my goodness it is fantastic. It has everything you want in a good book... perfect!... I absolutely adored the whole story it was beautiful…’ Jessica’s Book Biz, 5 stars  ‘I absolutely adored this book… made me feel all warm and cosy!