Elias:I broke Zane Chase’s heart twenty years ago, on the night I left Abingdon. I knew we’d never have a happy ending. I played straight for years. I made my life perfect through sheer force of will—I built a billion dollar company, married a good girl, even had a kid. I hid myself for decades, and I got exactly what I wanted.But it all came crashing down. My company fired me, the wife ditched my gay a$s and took our daughter with her. The only place to go is home. My first night Abingdon, I run right into Zane. His crystal blue eyes and sculpted body wake something deep inside of me. I need him in my life—and in my bed.I offer Zane a cool million to work with me, to build something new in Abingdon—something amazing. I don’t know what the hell I’m doing. I’ve never been with a man before. And I’ve never fallen in love. I thought there were no happy endings, but Zane is showing me that I might be wrong. Just when everything seems perfect, my ex drops drops my daughter with me and disappears from both of our lives. Now I’m not just an unemployed a$shole in a small town, I’m also a single dad to a traumatized kid whose mom has vanished. My girl doesn’t trust me, and I desperately need a crash course in parenting. I thought Zane was my second chance at life—but he’s too good to drag into this mess I’ve created.Zane:Elias Spaulding is a total d*ck. He’s rude and presumptuous—seems he never learned any damn manners. He’s got wild ideas, fast cars, and more money than God. He’s everything I should hate. Instead, he’s the most fascinating man I’ve met in years. And deep down, he’s the same boy who stole that first kiss from me in the darkness of my dorm room.Beneath his bluster is a man who wants a real life—a home, a family, someone to love. I was never the kind to settle down, not since I left for New York. But something’s telling me that Elias might be worth the trouble.I’m falling in love with Elias, whether I like it or not. I can see myself here, in Abingdon, building a life with him and his daughter.A dangerous ghost from Elias’ past appears, threatening to ruin everything we’ve built. Elias keeps trying to push me away in the midst of all the drama, but this time, I’m not leaving. Elias Spaulding was my first love, and now he’s my home. I won’t let him go without a fight.Chase Me Home is the third novel in the Bridge to Abingdon series. Each book focuses on one amazing couple, and each can be read as a fabulous standalone read. Chase Me Home has steamy first-time love scenes, a lot of family drama, some adorable kittens, a British nanny, and a much needed update for Jackson Academy. Elias and Zane are the hope of Abingdon, and they're working hard to bring it into the twenty-first century. Enjoy!