The Must Love Dogs series:Must Love Dogs (#1)Must Love Dogs: New Leash on Life (#2)Must Love Dogs: Fetch You Later (#3)Must Love Dogs: Bark &amp; Roll Forever (#4)And stay tuned for Book 5!First the bestselling novel! Then the movie starring Diane Lane and John Cusack. Now Claire Cook's most enduring characters are back in Must Love Dogs: New Leash on Life, Book 2 of the hilarious and heartwarming Must Love Dogs series.Life after divorce for Sarah Hurlihy used to consist of juggling her job as a preschool teacher with the demands of her interfering family. But after a rocky start, Sarah and John Anderson have shared six months of dating bliss. Now their relationship is basically on hold because Sarah's brother Michael and his dog are staying with her. And John's new puppy Horatio hates Sarah. With a passion.Michael hopes absence will, in fact, make his wife's heart grow fonder. Sarah hopes she can do her sisterly duty and send Michael on his merry way before she ends up single again herself. John hopes Sarah and his puppy can work things out before it's too late."If you haven't read a Claire Cook book yet, start with this one. You don't need to have read the first book, but why not grab that one, too, and read it? Her books are like potato chips - you can't have just one!"-Pamela Kramer, National Book Reviewer, Examiner.com"Claire Cook's novel Must Love Dogs was such a huge success that it was made into a hit movie starring Diane Lane and John Cusack. Now Cook is back with a sequel in Must Love Dogs: New Leash on Life, which proves just as delightful . . . Cook's penchant for humor is evidenced clearly in this sequel, making this a delightful and fun read, and leaving one to wonder if this book will also be made into a heartwarming and comedic movie." -Nancy Lepri, New York Journal of Books Praise for Must Love Dogs:"Funny and pitch perfect." -Chicago Tribune"Wildly witty" -USA Today"Cook dishes up plenty of charm." -San Francisco Chronicle"A hoot" -The Boston Globe"A hilariously original tale about dating and its place in a modern woman's life." –BookPagePraise for Claire Cook:"Claire Cook (Must Love Dogs) has built a brand writing light-hearted women's fiction blending kernels of the absurd and comedic in compulsively readable combinations." -Shelf Awareness"The exuberant and charming Claire Cook is one of the sassiest and funniest creators of contemporary women's fiction." -The Times-Picayune