On a remote island off the coast of Maine, a troubled family is trying to pick up the pieces of their shattered lives and start over. But unbeknownst to them, the property they have inherited is steeped in ancient magic – magic that could seek to destroy and devour them.  An arcane locked box, a strange and foreboding trail into the woods, a seductive young woman, and tales of a malevolent Indian spirit, are just some of the perils Karen Andersen must face in order to find a way to save her family.  A spine-tingling tale filled with passion, lies, and betrayal, Ms. Watkins debut novel, will have you sleeping with the lights on!  PRAISE FOR MATEGUAS ISLAND:  "Native American folklore blends with a tale of suspense and horror in the multifaceted Mateguas Island….Mateguas Island employs a device other authors (most notably Stephen King in his classic novel The Shining) have successfully used in placing danger both outside and within the family structure.... Surprising twists and turns and a powerful old box filled with magic: these are the elements of a fine horror story that slowly builds its plot with believable protagonists and engrossing color...Any who like horror stories and gothic fiction will find Mateguas Island an exceptional read." ~D. Donovan, Senior Ebook Reviewer, MIDWEST BOOK REVIEW  "...a fast-paced and unpredictable story that is both spooky and entertaining. Mateguas Island is an absorbing horror tale and is highly recommended." ~READERS' FAVORITE  "...a creeping slow-burn that deliberately ensnares you. A truly exceptional book." ~Jim Goforth, author of "Plebs"  "This has been one of the best books I’ve read in a long time. It would take pride of place on my bookshelf, and would be one of those books that I would read more than once." ~Jan Raymond, author of "Circle of Five"  "For anyone who enjoys, true horror tinged with the occult, this story will be right up your alley." ~Hunter Jones, author of "September Again"  "Mateguas Island" by Linda Watkins is well-written, full of terror and suspense... The dramatic tension builds throughout, interspersed with horrific moments that keep your skin tingling and your heart racing." ~Thomas Baker, author of "Pecha Kucha and English Language Teaching"  "I was immediately transported to this rocky sea-side setting and the sense of isolation was conveyed easily. There is just enough suspense to keep the reader hooked…I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a good page-turner to curl up with!" ~Melissa Miles, Melissa's Reviews  "Mateguas Island is a well written book!!...I truly love endings that make me drop my mouth because I didn't see it coming! I can not wait to read more from this author!! Great book!!" ~Barb's Review - Goodreads  "Coming on like a classic and blending the finest elements of Amytiville, The Wicker Man, and James Herbert's "Magic Cottage", this slick psychological horror transcends its genre to speak directly to the reader with a highly polished subtext." ~M. Sockel  " …a frightening read that only gains in intensity the further you dare to go." ~H. William Ruback, author of "the SHORT of it..."  "MATEGUAS ISLAND will draw you into its world, page after page. Read it tonight after the sun sets and darkness grips your home.