A prince sworn to slay the monster. A princess determined to save it. Who's the real hero?They call her the cursed princess. Daughter of a tyrant king. Sister to the monster. For seven years, she watched helplessly as her father sacrificed human tributes to the beast trapped within the maze. When the queen begs her for help, she knows this is her chance to prove herself--to finally break the curse and rescue her brother. But she must enter the Labyrinth herself, where darkness reigns and terror lurks... To survive, she'll need the help of the tributes, especially brave, heroic Theseus. Determined to free his people from the terrible blood tithe, Theseus vows to slay the monster. But she won't let that happen. And she can't let herself fall for Theseus's charms, either. Her quest may cost her everything, including her heart... To save her brother, Theseus must die. And I Darken meets Everneath in this haunting historical fantasy adventure based on Greek mythology. Perfect for fans of myths and legends, alternative histories, and strong female heroines. *Rated PG-13 for moderate, non-gory violence. No language and no steamy scenes.* "A far superior retelling than Rick Riordan's 
  Percy Jackson
 series. This version of the Minotaur myth is more complex, compelling, and moving." -Amazon Reviewer "One action-packed, nail-biting, heart-pounding, pulse-racing, page-turning delight that keeps you on your toes and eyes glued to the pages!" -Amazon reviewer "Drama, suspense and danger run rampant as tension spirals with every terror-filled step the characters take." -Goodreads reviewer "Beautifully written and more than imaginative. I loved it." -Amazon reviewer "A captivating re-telling of the Theseus and the Minotaur myth." -Amazon reviewer "From the beginning, I was hooked and didn't want to stop reading. If you love historical mythologies you'll love this one." -Amazon reviewer "You will love this fantasy read from the first page to the last. You won't want to put this book down." -Goodreads reviewer "For those who love Greek mythology, Stone takes a well-known myth and spins it into a dark, haunting and beautiful story filled with characters with real flaws, the greatest love story, and brief glances into other myths that are slowly spinning into existence. This plot-driven story keeps you guessing right to the last sentence!" -Goodreads reviewer "Gritty and haunting and will linger in your mind for days." -Amazon reviewer "Five stars! The author sticks true to Greek mythology and has amazing characters and an amazing story to show for it. Well-researched and action-packed!" -Amazon reviewer "I highly recommend this book for those who love mythology.