This is a collection of the
   first three
 books in the series. 
  This is not the whole series.
 Each book ends in a cliffhanger. Book 4 is due out in the fall of 2013. 
   Vampire in Denial 
   Vampire in Distress 
   Vampire in Design 
 Vampire in DenialBlood doesn't just make her who she is...it also makes her what she is.Like being a sixteen-year-old vampire isn't hard enough, Tessa's throwback human genes make her an outcast among her relatives. But try as she might, she can't get a handle on the vampire lifestyle and all the...blood.Turning her back on the vamp world, she embraces the human teenage lifestyle - high school, peer pressure and finding a boyfriend. Jared manages to stir something in her blood. He's smart and fun and oh, so cute. But Tessa's dream of having the perfect boyfriend turns into a nightmare when vampires attack the movie theatre and kidnap her date.Once again, Tessa finds herself torn between the human world and the vampire one.
  Will blood own out? Can she make peace with who she is as well as what?
Vampire in DistressWho you are on the inside is more important that what you are on the outside... But not when you're fated to be a lab rat for the rest of your life.Sixteen-year-old Tessa, a vampire with weird throwback human genes, is an outsider in both worlds. Always the odd one. Now, imprisoned in a blood farm, she fights to free herself and rejoin her family and friends. Especially one young male vamp.Cody, eighteen and the youngest of the long line of ancient flyer vampires, wants Tessa back at his side where she belongs - even as he struggles with conflicting emotions about his best friend's kid sister-turned-hottie.Jared, the cute human who'd befriended Tessa, is relieved to be rescued and wants to see the trussed-up, drugged humans in the warehouse taken care of. Only he's freaked that the people who rescued him are vampires...and then he finds out the truth about Tessa...
  Thankfully, the rescue team comes to take over the warehouse and rescue the victims... or have they?
Vampire in DesignLeft behind. Scared. And getting really pissed off.Tessa and her friends were supposed to be on their way home. On their way to safety. Instead she wakes up alone, with her friends kidnapped. Targeted and hunted, Tessa goes on the attack, desperate to find her friends and family. But her attackers want her throwback genes and will do anything to have her locked down in their lab.Caught in a dangerous maze, Cody is torn between helping his fellow captives and finding Tessa. He's young to have the connection that's growing between him and his best friend's sister. But any future they might have is in jeopardy if they can't stop the blood farm from taking over the humans...and his people.Jared is free at last, but he can't stop thinking about what he went through at the blood farm and those who helped him. Then he finds out something personal that is so horrifying, he has to act...even if it means walking back into the place he swore to never return.
  These three need to be strong...the war is far from over...and they are right in the middle of it. 
