‘LOVED THIS BOOK!!!! After months of struggling to find another author I love as much as I love Sophie Kinsella I have found her! Could not put this book down. Ended up sneaking a few lines in here and there, even in a lift whilst shopping!... Fab read, funny and LOL.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  Gemma didn’t expect her life to look like this. She’s still living with her mother, who steals her leggings and tells her off for leaving crumbs in the butter. After twenty failed interviews she thought she’d bagged her dream job as a journalist – except it turns out to be writing articles about cats that look like George Clooney. Luckily she has her wonderful boyfriend, Jack, to help her forget just how rubbish things are.  Then Jack dumps her out of the blue. With nothing but her childhood teddy bear, Stanley, and a whole heap of heartbreak, Gemma resolves to turn things around. She throws herself into her new job and soon she’s hanging out with cheeky, golden-haired hunk Charlie, eating in swanky restaurants and sipping trendy cocktails – and her old life seems like a distant memory.  But it’s not long until her shiny new world starts to lose its sparkle – and Gemma misses the days of wearing battered pink converse and eating peanut butter on toast in bed. Then Jack turns up, backpack in tow, and things starts to go wrong with Charlie. ‘Out with the old, in with the new’, the saying goes. But what happens if neither one is quite right?  This laugh-out-loud romantic comedy is for anyone who’s ever cried their eyes out to love songs after a break-up or accidentally drunk-texted their ex. Fans of Sophie Kinsella and Lindsey Kelk will love this unmissable read which is all about falling in love with the most important person: yourself!  
  This book was previously published as the Truth About Gemma Grey.
   
  Readers absolutely love Out with the Ex, In with the New: 
  ‘Oh my goodness, I enjoyed this book!... I highly recommend it!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Funny and addictive! Great read, glued to it! Looking forward to the next one!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Perfect!... Lots of fun, lovable and well-drawn characters, witty and pacy. Read it in one sitting and now going to read the Sophie Ranald back-catalogue!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘What a great read! Funny and timely.’ Tracy Bloom  ‘I really really enjoyed this book… A really enjoyable read with lots of messages about loving who you are and not needing the approval of others. It’s a story about finding your own way and realising that sometimes dreams need to change and grow. While there's fun, comedy and romance there's also so much more. There's a deeper story going on. Well done Sophie Ranald!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Such fun!... It gave me just what I was looking for – a huge hug!’ Goodreads Reviewer  ‘This is chick lit at its best!... Just read it for yourself!!!’ Goodreads Reviewer