From Southport to the South of France – this is going to be a summer to remember!  Life just got a whole lot more complicated for thirty-eight-year-old single mum Liv. Her son Jake is practically perfect in every way, but he’s started asking some difficult questions, and the answers lie in a holiday romance twenty years ago. Back when Liv was staying with her aunt on the French Riviera…  Returning to the Cote d’Azur, with its white sandy beaches, her supportive aunt, and exquisite wine and cheese is harder than it sounds though. Because – if she’s going to give Jake the answers he needs – Liv knows she has to hunt down her first love Andre. And since she’s a professional baker rather than a professional investigator, she doesn’t even have a clue where to start.  At first, finding the one that got away proves even trickier than she thought. And if she succeeds, how will he take the bombshell secret Liv has been keeping? Liv has to do the best thing for her family, but does that mean closing the door on this very French affair?  A joyful, laugh-out-loud story about second chances, secrets and sunshine! The perfect summer read for fans of Carole Matthews, Jenny Colgan and Sophie Kinsella.    Readers adore Sue Roberts’ escapist reads:  ‘I absolutely LOVED, no make that ADORED reading it… I was hooked… I stayed up reading the book until the early hours of the morning.’ Ginger Book Geek, 5 stars  ‘A fantastic story… laugh-out-loud… I literally flew through the pages… I loved every minute.’ The Cosiest Corner  ‘Fantastic! Stayed up late to finish it. Great summer read.’ Netgalley reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Absolutely delightful… so atmospheric I could feel the warmth of the sun and the smell of the fresh pastries baking… this book will bring a smile to your face.’ It’s All About the Thrill  ‘So delightfully funny that I found myself laughing out loud… A lovely heart-warming romantic comedy… Would definitely recommend.’ Stardust Book Reviews  ‘A laugh-out-loud, feel-good, amazing book… One of my top reads of the year.’ Odyssey Across the Shelves   ‘Fun, friendship and a Mediterranean setting… I read this in a couple of days as I found I couldn’t put it down.’ Goodreads Reviewer  ‘I was enraptured every step of the way… The perfect pick-me-up to bring on those summer vibes.’ Stacy Is Reading  ‘Will warm your heart… Perfect for getting you in a summery mood.’ All Things Bookie, 5 stars  ‘I absolutely loved the story… captivating.’ Goodreads Reviewer  ‘Makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside… Had all of Sue Roberts’ usual banter and warmth… A perfect summer read.