Doorway to Your Dreams by John P. Goetz is a science fiction thriller about Oban DeCarlo's master plan to use humans with supernatural powers to create remote weapons of mass destruction. His program, Operation Traumland, is a fully funded Black Ops program located in an abandoned lab on Plum Island, New York. DeCarlo has created a laboratory where human ethics have been consciously abandoned, and the success of the mission is more important than any human life. When the novel begins, DeCarlo has already disposed of dozens in preliminary tests and is now ready for subjects with superhuman powers to finalize his first version of the eagerly anticipated U.S. weapon system. DeCarlo identifies and captures a US Army Helicopter Pilot serving in Vinh Long, South Vietnam in July 1967, by organizing a covert operation using North Vietnamese soldiers to kidnap the American they have nicknamed, “Demon” for his uncanny ability to easily find and kill their comrades. “Demon,” known as “Spooncake” by his fellow US Army colleagues, can hear the thought-noise from those around him, and sees spikes of color emanating from people many miles away. The spears of color in the sky depict the emotions of those below. Red, yellow, pink, black, white, turquoise, orange, and green indicate the collective feelings of calm, commotion, intensity, confidence, confusion, and death. His abilities make finding enemy troops easy; he needs only to fly toward the color red signifying anger and let his gunner, Baxter Hammond, take care of the rest. Their hit ratio is legendary. DeCarlo has also identified Linda Fisher, a beautiful card shark living in Las Vegas with a psychic ability to know how the cards will play before they are dealt, making her excessive winning streak a target for the Vegas casino bosses. DeCarlo’s men kidnap her and take her to his laboratory to be another specimen in Operation Traumland. “Spooncake” and Linda are to be used as Operation Traumland’s Adam and Eve. On the island, their supernatural and psychic abilities are channeled and amplified to build an undetectable human war machine. Ultimately, Linda becomes the only person able to bring the tragic, almost dead war hero, “Spooncake,” back to life and plots their escape. Their story follows a perilous journey to freedom, while maintaining honor, seeking revenge, and escaping the horrors of a fanatical sadist focused on doing anything to complete his dream of creating an unimaginable army of unseen killers.