"
  The Art of Success
 is like having a coffee with the world's greatest business minds. Melouney has collected some of the most profound quotes on success and infused them with a caffeinated text that will leave you energized to take on the world." —Jay Samit, bestselling author of Disrupt You!"I write this review as the 2016 Rio Olympics come to a close. I’m reminded of the similarities between a good athlete and a good writer: inherent skill, internalized motivation, years of intense work, overcoming countless hurdles, artful negotiation of the unexpected, then the finish line. James has succeeded. I’d award him a gold medal for 
  The Art of Success.
" —Paul W. Swets, bestselling author of The Art of Talking So That People Will ListenWant to change your life? Then change your mind.In 
  The Art of Success,
 James Melouney invites you to see the world differently—by walking in the shoes of 134 extraordinarily successful people. These billionaires and business gurus; sports stars and rock stars; philosophers, emperors, inventors, and saints have lived exceptional lives. So what, exactly, do they know that you don’t?Einstein, Edison, Jobs, and all the others are in these pages for one reason: to reveal the crucial lessons that helped them turn their dreams into reality. And the best part is, anyone can learn them!It doesn’t matter where you come from or what mistakes you’ve made. In fact, humble origins, false starts, and even outright failure can be your biggest assets. What matters is your choice in this moment. Don’t wait.Will you remember today?We are all unique, but as different as we all are, the things we seek in life are astonishingly similar. We all want happiness, fulfillment, health, and financial security. But it seems that only a small group of people are able to achieve what they truly desire in life.So why do some people live exceptional lives, while others seemingly trudge along, never amounting to their true potential and never living the life they know they are capable of? This question has been asked throughout history, but of all the factors that influence our lives, it comes down to one: philosophy. And all it takes is a few words to forever change the way you see the world.If you are curious to learn a philosophy that can momentously affect your life, these pages hold some of the best there is. With 134 inspiring exemplars waiting to share their ideas with you, many of the answers you seek are within your reach.Most people won't take the time or invest the money to grow and develop themselves. The question is, what does doing nothing cost you?