This 3 story bundle (books 1-3) contains over 11,000 words of a sensual first time bi-curious lesbian experience between an 18-year-old student and her 45-year-old professor. It's a tender, well-written, yet explicit chronicle of two women, one young and one older, coming together. It definitely has what you're looking for!  PLEASE PROFESSOR, I NEED AN A Upon discovering that her failing term paper grade could jeopardize her academic scholarship at the end of her freshman year, 18-year-old Kylie goes to talk to her beautiful English Professor to see what she can do to change her grade and save her college career. Professor Martine, 45 years old, sultry and fit, proposes that Kylie meet her at home that evening so that they can trade... an A grade for a night with Kylie.  After discussing this indecent proposal with her roommate, Kylie decides that she's actually quite interested and excited by her Professor's advances. She practices kissing with her roommate to get a feeling of how it is to be with a woman and she agrees to meet her Professor that evening and bend to her will.  How will Kylie handle this first time experience with a woman? Will her fear and trepidation get the better of her? Or will she earn her A grade and get to stay in college?  This 4000 word short story contains a lesbian bi-curious first time experience, some kissing practice between roommates, an indecent proposal, fingers flying, and a sloppy and slurping mouthful of pleasure from an older woman to her budding young student. You're sure to enjoy this sensual, coming-of-age romp.  PLEASE PROFESSOR, LET ME STAY After being pleasured by her sultry 45 year old Professor in the previous episode, 18 year old Kylie wakes up on Jen's couch and considers her first time lesbian experience. Jen soon rejoins her and they talk about Jen's first time thoughts and calm Kylie's nerves. Eventually, Jen convinces Kylie that it's all right to stay the night and the two head to her bedroom.  With Jen's coaching, Kylie has her first experience giving oral pleasure to another woman and finds that she enjoys it, wanting so bad to make her Professor happy. But Kylie's in for a squirting surprise after Jen gets over-aroused and taken to completion.  This 3600 word short story contains a lesbian bi-curious first time experience, tender make out scenes, fingers flying, a slurping mouthful of pleasure as a young college student learns from her older professor, and a lusty squirting scene. You're sure to enjoy this sensual, coming-of-age romp.  PLEASE PROFESSOR, ONE MORE DAY Waking up in the morning in her English Professor's bed, 18-year-old Kylie reflects on their previous night's romp. After 45-year-old Professor Jen leaves for her office, Kylie slips into some of Jen's panties and pleasures herself with Jen's vibrating toy. Then Kylie leaves Jen a little present in her panty drawer.  Once Jen returns, the two discuss the possibility of Kylie staying up at college over summer and living in Jen's house. This discussion leads to making out on the couch and Jen, unable to help herself, proceeds to pleasure Kylie with her fingers.  This 3400 word short story contains a lesbian bi-curious first time experience, tender make out scenes, some self-pleasure, and an older woman professor pleasuring her younger college student. You're sure to enjoy this sensual, coming-of-age romp.