The Kingstone Bible Trilogy is a three book hardcover edition that combines previously released graphic novels/ comics to tell the expansive story of the Bible. It is the most complete graphic adaptation of the Bible ever published. #1 covers Genesis through I Samuel - the time period spanning creation through the life of David. #2 spans the time frame from the death of King David through the Intertestamental Period. #3 begins in the gospels with the birth of Christ, covers the extraordinary life of Christ, the birth of the subsequent church, letters of instruction to the church and closes with a grand finale artistic exposition of the book of Revelation. This one-of-a-kind hard cover graphic Bible is illustrated by top comic artists in stunning, full color art.Co-writer Ben Avery is a lead writer and editor with Kingstone Comics. His comic book career began when he was selected by Game of Thrones creator George R.R. Martin to work as the script adapter of the comic book fantasy mini-series The Hedge Knight, based on novellas by the New York Times bestselling author. Post-Hedge Knight, Avery went on to co-write/co-create the critically acclaimed Lullaby and The Imaginaries for Image Comics, co-create and write the children's literature inspired fantasy The Oz/Wonderland Chronicles, develop and write the historical epic Kingdoms for Zondervan, and the sequel mini-series The Hedge Knight II published by Marvel Comics. Co-writer Art A. Ayris combined a passion for both comics and Scripture in penning large portions of the Kingstone Bible. Ayris' writing spans 25 comics and graphic novels, several film festival wins, as well as Best TV Movie in Hollywood's Next Success contest with his screenplay Alas Babylon.Kingstone's Voices of the Martyrs: A.D. 34 - A.D. 203 is an addendum to the Kingstone Bible Trilogy. Another hardcover compilation, this title includes the stories of the Apostles (including Paul) and early church leaders that carried the message of Jesus to future generations, and paid with their lives.https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3...