Alec is book 17 in the Reed Security series and it is recommended that they are read in order.  Alec I've been chasing this damn woman for three years. Our relationship is finally out in the open and I'm not letting this chance slip past me. I will make her mine, and there won't be any room for arguments. There's the slight problem of Craig, our other teammate. He knows what we do in the other rooms at night, or during the day, and that leaves us in a bit of a predicament. But we'll work it out. I always get my woman, and Florrie is all mine.  Florrie It took me by surprise when I fell for Alec. I hadn't intended to ever sleep with my teammate, but then one day, he was there and so damn sexy. It was just supposed to be sex, nothing more. But he kept pushing and then one day, it was out in the open. Everyone knew and there was no way for me to stop what was happening. Except, there's just one problem, I've got a secret that ensures we'll never be together in the way he wants. Now I just have to find a way to tell him.  “Who is he?” Hunter asked. “Just tell me and I’ll kick his a$$.” “I think I can do my own a$$-kicking.” “No. Whoever this a$$hole is, just tell us and we’ll take care of things. We’ll make sure you never see him again. If you know what I mean,” he continued. “I know exactly what you mean, and no, you don’t need to make him disappear.” “But, that’s what we do. We don’t know how to solve any other problems,” Gabe said, almost in confusion. Rocco groaned and held up a hand to ward off the guys. “I didn’t want to get involved, but it looks like I’m gonna have to. Why don’t you tell us about this guy. What’s he like?” “Smart, strong, capable…” “Sexy?” “Of course,” I huffed. “But he’s confusing. I thought that he was into me, but then nothing happened. Is it me? Am I not pretty enough?” “No,” Sinner said, shaking his head sharply. “Of course not-” Hunter snorted uncomfortably. “You’re beautiful,” Rocco said firmly, and the other guys joined in. “Sexy as hell.” “Nice rack.” “Good a$$. Nice and firm.” “You have nice elbows,” Sinner said. “What?” I asked in confusion. Hunter smacked him upside the head. “I panicked,” Sinner said. “You all said nice rack, good a$$. What else was left?” “You could have gone with beautiful eyes,” I snapped. “Or even nice legs, but nice elbows? Who the f#@k says that?” “Obviously not this guy you’re seeing or he’d already be dead,” Rocco muttered. “Did you f#@k him?” Hunter asked. “Guys always lose interest after you f#@k them.” “No,” I sneered. “It’s not like I just spread my legs for any guy I come across.” “Did you come right out and tell him you like him?” Rocco asked. “Some guys are f#@king stupid and can’t take a hint.” “Actually, I wrote him a note and told him that I really liked him and asked if he liked me too.” “Like in the song?” Sinner asked. “Yeah,” I snarked. “Just like in the song. I even drew boxes and asked him to check yes or no.” “Did he answer?” “No, you idiot! I didn’t actually do that. I’m not in second grade.