Patagonia Chronicle: On Foot in Torres del Paine enables readers to gain a sense of the rewards and challenges of travel south of the 40th parallel in Chile and Argentina-in the area known as Patagonia. Through a combination of journal entries, interviews, historic documents, and essays on subjects unique to the region, the reader samples the richness of the land and its peoples past and present. In addition, readers will find a wealth of practical information including tips on pre-trip planning, transportation, and accommodations.The book is for anyone contemplating a hike in Chile's most famous park. Hikers en route to Torres del Paine will benefit from the detailed park information. They'll find descriptions of the accommodations, trekking routes, and trails as well as maps, time and mileage charts, suggested itineraries, and a trail elevation profile.However, Patagonia Chronicle is more than a guide to trekking in that spectacular park: it casts a much larger net. As such, this book will appeal not only to hikers, but also to travelers of all stripes. Besides Torres del Paine, readers discover the gateway towns that most Patagonian travelers enjoy exploring such as: Punta Arenas, Puerto Natales, and El Calafate. They visit Los Glaciares National Park-home of Perito Moreno Glacier and Mount Fitz Roy.Travelers will also find insider information about touring Chile's and Argentina's more temperate Lake Districts and several other national parks inside and outside of Patagonia. They'll learn about Ushuaia-the "End of the World," and hub for visits to Antarctica. And, because most travelers to Patagonia will spend some time in Santiago or Buenos Aires on their way farther south, they'll find the colorful chapters on those capital cities helpful.Finally, an underlying question raised in the book: how to gauge the risks and confront the fears that must be overcome when seeking adventure in unknown territory can be helpful and inspiring to any hiker, backpacker, or climber. In Patagonia Chronicle we learn that the author wants to backpack the Torres del Paine back country circuit, but she knows that the trek can range from a moderate activity to a life-threatening one-depending on the extremely unpredictable weather. In life there are always demons to slay: how does one decide when to continue on and when to turn back?