 What happens when a group of tough vigilantes meets up with a big-hearted family with boundary issues?Reese:It's supposed to be an easy job. You know, the kind you get after you've been gone a while and the boss is unsure of how capable you still are? But then there's a mugging, an abduction, two thugs, and a blackmail scheme.And smack-dab in the middle of it is a beautiful lost soul who needs me. The scared, young gamer-geek pushes all my protective buttons and awakens something inside me that's ready to dive right in and inhale the man.But how could I have anything to offer someone like Ben? I'm a mess. Injured, scarred, practically closeted, the recognizable son of a famous man... There's no way I can ask him to give me a shot at forever. Right?Ben:It seems like I've been looking out for myself my entire life. Heck, I was even given away the day I was born. And, yeah, maybe if my adoptive parents had survived, I would have had a nice life. But they didn't. And I don't. Instead, I'm forced to put up with a hateful, scheming foster parent for the sake of sticking around to care for my little sister.Only, when a blackmail plan lands little Georgie in the hands of thugs, it's clear I'm her only hope. At least... until I meet the big, strong bodyguard someone sends to watch over me.Reese is everything I've ever daydreamed about: protective, attentive, affectionate, and dedicated. But he's hiding something, and I don't have the time or energy to figure out what. Because time is running out, and Georgie is the only family I have left.Until the biological brother who never wanted me shows up and turns everything on its head.After having finally accepted it's just Georgie and me, suddenly falling for my protector and being surrounded by Griff and the Marian clan makes me question everything I've ever known about myself and what defines a family.Can a guy with a broken past ever build a family with someone who seems too good to be true?***Reading Order Note***CAN BE READ AS A STAND-ALONE.While the authors recommend reading both the Made Marian series by Lucy Lennox and the Protectors series by Sloane Kennedy, it isn't required in order to understand the story. At the least, you may want to consider Grounding Griffin (Book 4, Made Marian series by Lucy Lennox) and Unexpected (Book 10, The from the Protectors series by Sloane Kennedy) to get a little bit of background. However, this novel, despite being a crossover, has been written in a way that it can be read on its own.