From the author of Daisy and the Pirates comes another rollicking Daisy Tannenbaum misadventure, this time set in Paris.Twelve-year old Daisy Tannenbaum gets expelled from school for punching a bully and sent to live in Paris with her Aunt Millicent, who teaches math at The Embassy School. Daisy arrives to find her enigmatic Aunt Mill moonlighting as a cryptographer, working to decipher an antique code used by Louis XVI’s secret service during their covert operation to recover the infamous Queen’s Diamonds from Comtesse de la Motte. Faster than you can say Les Deux Magots, Daisy gets involved in a serpentine plot involving spies, forged documents, French history, secret codes, and priceless diamonds that takes her racing through the streets and even into the sewers of Paris to escape the criminals and solve the mystery all while trying to keep up with her math and French lessons.Readers young and old will embrace Miss Daisy Tannenbaum.Praise for Daisy in Exile:“Daisy Tannenbaum - You are my hero! Talk about female empowerment, this almost-teen has more spunk than any superhero I know and best of all, she kicks butt in the "City of Light". Daisy in Exile, is set in beautiful Paris so her action packed story is littered with many of my favorite places plus some new ones. I really enjoyed the read and can heartily recommend it to anyone who enjoys the spirit of Paris told by someone who obviously knows the city well. Can't wait for Daisy's next adventure!” —Michelle Moggio author of The Paris Effect“J.T. Allen has created an unforgettable character any young girl would love to call her friend and given young readers an introduction to the "City of Light" they will never forget. Daisy’s charm is that she tackles each extraordinary escapade with the same fearless good humor as she confronts the more typical challenges of childhood. Young readers will immediately identify with Daisy as they fall in love with her courage and ingenuity. Daisy’s amazing adventures will keep children reading well past their bedtimes!” —Diana Falk, Norwin Public Library Director“I love the main character, Daisy. She has so much...character!! The story of Daisy in Exile is original, the plot exciting...the language fun and easy to read...I love the humor in the story too. All in all a great book for girls and their moms!” —Miss Nathalie Paris, Mobile Librarian at Natta-Lingo and Primary Languages Teacher, UK