Mythologized since the days of Aristotle, few creatures have captured popular imagination more completely than the so-called great apes—gorillas, chimpanzees (including bonobos), and orangutans. Yet our understanding of these apes as the “blood kin” of humans—nearly identical in biological composition and strikingly similar in so many behaviors—has been much disputed over the years, and it has taken over a century of research and scientific discoveries to dispel the Victorian notion and portrayal of these animals as savage, aggressive, fearful beasts. In Great Ape Odyssey, the follow-up to Orangutan Odyssey, Dr. Biruté Mary Galdikas helps dispel any lingering myths about these fascinating animals. The famed primatologist opens the book with a brief, engaging history of our discovery of the great apes and the evolution of our perceptions of them since ancient times. She then delves into each of the great apes in detail, exploring and examining what we know about them, providing her own interpretations of the latest research, and offering comparisons among the different species. For instance, we learn that male gorillas make terrific fathers; that bonobos probably have more sex than any other creature on the planet, giving new meaning to the words, “You had me at hello”; and that while neither chimpanzees nor orangutans can swim, they have no fear of water, and in fact seem to enjoy it. More shocking revelations, while not new, nevertheless still captivate, especially as they relate to human behavior. A constant drum beat throughout Great Ape Odyssey is the ever-present, andunfortunately mounting, threat of extinction in the face of an alarming loss of habitat, spread of disease, and a dramatic rise in the bushmeat trade. Indeed, according to Galdikas, this threat has already reached crisis proportions and if the decimation continues at the current rate, we are sure to lose the great apes from the planet within our lifetime. One hundred and twenty-five photographs, taken on location in the dense forests of Borneo and the tree-top canopies of Africa by wildlife photographer Karl Ammann, illustrate the lives and behaviors of these creatures. Great Ape Odyssey offers not only a compelling overview of what we have learned about these humanlike animals, but in turn, and perhaps more importantly, what they can teach us about ourselves.