1.&amp;nbsp; Big Poker Celebrity:&amp;nbsp; The super popular and always entertaining Mike "The Mouth" Matusow is a huge fan favorite from his many implosions, explosions, and huge successes at the poker table on national TV. &amp;nbsp;2.&amp;nbsp; Fascinating Memoir:&amp;nbsp; This book has it all: high stakes gambling, drugs, jail, psychotic episodes and debilitating depression and mental illness, plus the depths of despair and heights of victory. &amp;nbsp;3.&amp;nbsp; Very High Profile:&amp;nbsp; Mike Matusow is one of the most recognizable and followed players in poker today.&amp;nbsp; Yahoo's online search engine identifies over 1.1 million websites that provide content about Mike Matusow.&amp;nbsp; His weekly online video show "The Mouthpiece" at CardPlayer.com, averages over 2,000 viewers per day.&amp;nbsp;4.&amp;nbsp; Super Popular Subject: Poker is the third most watched sport on cable television, behind auto racing and football.&amp;nbsp;5.&amp;nbsp; Secondary Market Possibilities: The National Institute of Mental Health estimates there are 5.7 million people in the U.S. that have bipolar disorder and the CDC estimates 1.6 million elementary school children have been diagnosed ADHD.Get Ready for a Wild Ride… Hang on tight as Mike “The Mouth” Matusow, poker player extraordinaire, takes you with him on a breathtaking, true-life roller coaster ride from his humble beginnings in a trailer park to a rock and roll lifestyle full of hot women, sex, wild drug-filled parties and million-dollar wins and losses. Yet behind the glamour and glory of his high-stakes poker career lurked the flip side: a person torn between two debilitating mental illnesses?—?bipolar disorder and ADHD. To dig himself out of depression and suicidal despair, Matusow turned to dangerous street drugs to self-medicate a problem he didn’t understand, and spiraled deeper into the darker world of addiction, police narcotic stings, and jail time. In this revealing and tumultuous autobiography, the combustible Matusow holds nothing back. You’ll get a mouthful of the man behind the infamous Matusow Meltdowns seen on national TV. Riveting, exhilarating, sexy, sometimes shocking and always fascinating, this voyeur’s look into the world of high-stakes poker, mental illness, and ultimately, Matusow’s inspiring redemption, will keep you glued to your seat until the very last page!