Internet star Christine McConnell bakes, decorates, sews, and styles it all . . . with a twist—now she shows you how to do it on a shoestring budget.Photographer and stylist Christine McConnell transforms the ordinary into the extraordinary—from everyday dinners, to desserts for all occasions, to the walls of your kitchen, and even some over-the-top creations just for fun.Taking inspiration from the likes of Tim Burton, Wes Craven, Alfred Hitchcock, and Vincent Price and mixing in a dash of Stepford Wife, McConnell’s baking and home DIY projects are a league above and beyond anything you've seen before.In Deceptive Desserts each dessert is a work of art—some a little twisted, others magical—but every recipe inspires readers to create their own rules without spending a fortune. Why can’t crab cakes be a delicious pink-frosted dessert? And if you’re stuck hosting a bridal shower, why not create an actual Bridezilla cake to match the bride’s ego? Nothing is sacrosanct in the wonderfully weird world of Christine McConnell and nothing it what it appears to be—even a classic dinner can be transformed into something decadent, with doughnuts that look like chicken drumsticks, green beans made of candy, and ice cream mashed potatoes. A master of illusions in baking, McConnell shows readers how to create their own secret hidden gems in the kitchen.In her follow-up book McConnell will go outside the kitchen to show readers how to incorporate magic and fantasy into their home decor and personal style without breaking the bank. Using the renovations of her own house as a guide, McConnell walks readers through easy DIY projects such as hand-painted wallpaper, refinishing wood and tile floors, and adding storage space, along with inexpensive decorating tips.A dazzling collection of photographs, stories revealing her one-of-a-kind character, and helpful tricks for doing it all yourself, McConnell’s book will inspire readers to be more playful, and just a little bit wicked, with the food they create and the space they inhabit.Author BioChristine McConnell, sometimes called the Queen of Creepy Cookies, is a photographer, stylist, and baking enthusiast based out of Twin Peaks, California. McConnell’s life-long fascination with aesthetics inspired her to cultivate many talents, which ultimately led her to photography and her incredible baking and DIY creations. She personally styles all aspects of her shoots as well as creates many of the clothes seen throughout her work. Her photos have been displayed in magazines, billboards, and national advertising campaigns.