The Landry Family Series is a feel-good, heart-warming series featuring strong alpha males and smart, capable heroines. Sweet and steamy, the Landry family enjoys favorite tropes such as second-chance romance, surprise babies, office lovers, sports and military romances and more.  Fall madly in love with this relatable, unforgettable family by USA Today Bestselling author Adriana Locke. This set includes three full novels—Sway, Swing, and Switch.SWAYBARRETT LANDRY has it all. Power, prestige, and plenty of women, the dapper politician’s life is pretty phenomenal. But in the midst of the biggest campaign of his life, he needs to focus. The last thing he can afford is a distraction.ALISON BAKER is a work-in-progress.As a single mother to HUXLEY, she’s rebuilding life on her terms. She’s focused on family, faith, and a future for her son that can’t be taken away. Putting her child first means not being careless, no matter what. A chance encounter forces Barrett and Alison to redefine what they really want out of life. But everything comes at a cost ... and sometimes, even for love, it’s a price too steep to pay.SWINGScrew him and his perfect stats.Sinful smirk.Delicious body.Lincoln Landry probably even has game-winning stamina.I’d like to screw her and her perfect ass.Dangerous curves. Sweet smile.Ryan Danielle Ashley probably even has a game-changing personality.There’s no denying the chemistry between them. It’s so fiery, it’s undeniable. They partake in it. Enjoy it. They really enjoy it. Attraction is not a problem. Nor is their banter, relationship status, or habits. That’s all fine. Perfect, actually. The problem is as tangled up as their sheets. SWITCHMallory Sims is late for her first day of work.After spilling her tea, she discovers she has no gas in her car. Add that her arm keeps sticking to her dress from syrup left on the console of her car, flustered feels like an understatement.Then she sees her new boss.Graham Landry is the epitome of NSFW in his custom-fit suit, black-rimmed glasses, and a look so stern her libido doesn’t stand a chance. Being flustered is just the start of her problems.Her punctuality is only the start of his. With a pink slip in hand, he’s been waiting on his new secretary to show up only to let her go. Then she rushes in with her doe eyes and rambling excuses, smelling like bacon and lavender. The termination paper falls to the side as she falls in his arms. This is a disaster in the making. Not because of his pinpoint exactness or her free spirit, but because when they’re together, the sparks that fly threaten to burn the whole place down.