More Style, Less StuffCozy Minimalism isn’t about going without or achieving a particular new, modern style. Nope. It’s simply a mindset that helps you get whatever style YOU LOVE with the fewest possible items.You want a warm, cozy, inviting home, without using more resources, money, and stuff than needed. Why use more if you don't have to?In Cozy Minimalist Home, accidental stylist and bestselling author Myquillyn Smith guides you step by step on making purposeful design decisions for your home. You'll have the tools to transform your home starting with what you already have, and using just enough of the right furniture and decor to create a home you're proud of in a way that honors your personal priorities, budget, and style. No more fretting when it comes to decorating your house! In Cozy Minimalist Home, Myquillyn Smith helps youRealize your role as the curator of your home who makes smart, style-impacting design choicesFinally know what to focus on, and what not to worry about when it comes to your homeDiscover the real secret to finding your unique style—it has nothing to do with those style quizzesUnderstand how to find a sofa you won't hate tomorrowDeconstruct each room and then re-create it step by step with a fail proof processCreate a pretty home with more style and less stuff—resulting in backwards decluttering!Finish your home and have it looking the way you've always hoped so you can use it the way you've always dreamed After reading Myquillyn's first book, The Nesting Place, women everywhere were convinced that it doesn’t have to be perfect to be beautiful and they found real contentment in their homes. But how does a content imperfectionist make actual design decisions?Cozy Minimalist Home is the answer to that question. Written for the hands-on woman who'd rather move her own furniture than hire a designer, this is the guidance she needs to finish every room of her house. With people, priorities and purpose in mind, anyone can create a beautiful home that transcends the trends.A pretty home is nice, but a Cozy Minimalist home goes beyond pretty and sets the stage for connection, relationship, and rest.