The USS Ptolemy should have arrived in the Eta Cassiopeia system over 200 years ago. As of yet, we’ve never received confirmation of their safe arrival even though it’s merely 20 light years away The crew of the USS Cepheus has been given a very dangerous mission, but if they succeed, they will be granted their freedom on an Earth-like planet in the Eta Cassiopeia system. You see, the eight-member crew of the Cepheus are all Rehabs which is slang for someone serving a life sentence who, although they cannot go free, have been deemed rehabilitated. The entire crew of ex-cons are woken after fifty-nine years of cryogenic sleep only to discover that the derelict ship USS Ptolemy is located further out in the system than originally expected. The ship is clearly powered down and tumbling aimlessly, but the moment that the Cepheus decides to hail the ship, they get a reply from a surviving member of the original crew. Yet after over 300 years now, such a thing would be entirely impossible. A boarding party is sent to the Ptolemy where they quickly discover that someone somehow is definitely still alive on that ship. And even more curious than that impossibility, it also becomes apparent that someone has spent a lot of time modifying the machinery and devices on that ship, bringing forth advances that don’t even exist aboard the Cepheus. But none of this answers the biggest question of all: where are the four missing shuttle craft and where are all the other members of the 100+ crew?  The Ani Maxima Files:Ptolemy's ChildSuperVirusVeiled SkyEnigmaFlying in the RainSilent LucidityFlesh and BloodSoul SisterSocial AnimalBrought to you by the international bestselling author of the Mystic Saga, Dominion, Beyond the Event Horizon, Kepler Moon Alpha, and Ghosts of Ophidian. With over 300,000 books downloaded worldwide, Scott McElhaney continues to prove that reasonable Kindle prices do not have to mean poor quality. Also check out Saving Brooksie, Terraformer, One Crazy Summer, and Maelstrom by McElhaney.   EDITORIAL REVIEWS:   "McElhaney's story telling is deft, well-paced, and with an ear for conversation" ~ Akron Beacon Journal Book Review  "The author does a good job of sucking you into the moment and feeling as if you are the main character. The technology and scenarios are realistic enough for this sci fi fan and if you like a good storyteller, Mr. McElhaney knows how to do it." ~Top 50 Amazon Reviewer and Vine Voice Michael Gallagher  Given 5.0 out of 5 stars over 100 times on Amazon from various readers of the Mystic Saga!