
  Three Paranormal Romance Stories
Awakened by Brenda K. Davies Traumatized by her past, and struggling to move on from it, Sera has spent the past three years of college hiding herself from the world and content to stay that way. A chance encounter with Liam shatters her sheltered world, leaving her stunned and shaken by the strange feelings and emotions he arises in her, feelings she never thought she would experience and that frighten her in their intensity. Harboring a dark and deadly secret of his own, Liam knows that he should stay away from Sera; that he will only bring her more hurt, but he is irresistibly drawn to her and unable to deny himself the pleasure that only she can bring to him. But when their pasts collide with their present, and Liam’s true nature is revealed, will their love for each other be enough, or will they be torn apart forever? Blur by Kristen Middleton Seventeen year old Nikki and her twin brother, Nathan, move to the small town of Shore Lake to start over after their mother is brutally attacked. When a missing teenager washes up on shore during their first night at the cabin and there are whispers of vampires in Shore Lake, Nikki begins to realize that there are things roaming in the darkness that are far more sinister than what they left behind in the city. Warning- This book contains some language, violence, and sexual situations recommended for ages seventeen and older.Blood's Fury by C.M. Owens The deadliest things in life are often the most beautiful… seconds before they strike.With her immortal destiny quickly encroaching, Alyssa Coldwell wants to play human while she still has a chance. Unfortunately, she chooses the wrong town to escape her true world.Beautiful masks are worn by the enemies she doesn’t know, and no one can ever be trusted—and Pine Shore is full of beautiful masks. The ones who are the most deceptive in appearance are usually the deadliest, but their camouflage can fool the eyes. Kane Ice is nothing more than deliciously forbidden, but she can’t help herself from falling. She knows it can’t last, because he’s human and she only has a limited amount of time left before she’s something else entirely, but that doesn’t stop her from giving him all she can while she can. But surviving until her change isn’t as easy as she thought it would be, and now she has accidentally pulled her beautiful human into a deadly game of cat and mouse that she doesn’t want to play. Blood’s Fury is book one of the bestselling Trilogy, Deadly Beauties. 
  Due to sexual content and use of language, this trilogy is not recommended to anyone under the age of 17.
