 
  It's time to bring the pain, and Heavy Metal knows how to make that happen.
 
  Born from the fertile imagination of bestselling author Michael Anderle…

  What do you do when a mercenary team comes looking for trouble in your base... In your home?
There is a problem with Courtney's company and those that wish to have Courtney step down. Amanda and Anja are working on the base and have purchased an AI to help. Unfortunately, the AI had to be purchased after-market and already has a personality.
  What do you do when a prurient AI is connected to a ton of guns all around your house?
Heavy Metal is fighting inside the ZOO and outside the ZOO. Is their ability to hide the bodies outside of the ZOO going to cause problems?There is a billionaire on one side and our team on the other.One side has money and access to guns, the other side has been matured in the ZOO. Does the billionaire even have a chance?
  In the ZOO, you always expect the unexpected. Can Salinger keep his friendships afloat and stay out of the claws (or mouths) of the denizens of the ZOO AND the law this time?
Salinger Jacobs is working to build his company as fast as possible. Will he make a few mistakes he can't think his way out of?
  Sometimes, you find that your best relationships come back.
NOTE:  There may or may not be gratuitous sex in this book. Or it might actually play into a later book with funny talk about men's vs. women's abilities and capabilities. There is ABSOLUTELY cursing in this book. LOTS of upset cursing, cursing out of anger, fear, and other emotional issues related to carnivorous alien flora or fauna eating humans who don’t say ‘darn.’ LOTS of gratuitous cursing just because the author finds it funny, too. There is death and sadness...and more death. In fact, it’s a blender of blood out in the ZOO. Man vs. Alien nature seems to justify ugly results. Plus, people have emotional hang-ups. Expect to smile, laugh, cry, and perhaps have a spate of jealousy or two. Further, there might be explicit sex, thank you sex, and you're welcome sex. Finally, there is no Coke in the ZOO.  That is probably the worst and most offensive trait in these stories. This is Michael Todd, and I approve of the shenanigans pulled within the ZOO stories. 