Can one develop feelings for the man you swore to see hanged? That’s just what Rebecca fears she has done in this Gothic Regency romance. After her brother’s mysterious death, Rebecca Hunter vows to expose the man she believes responsible: Mr. Lewis Browning—known by the locals as the Midnight Devil and by Rebecca as her new guardian.Summoned to his reclusive country estate to await her London season, Rebecca plans her own secret investigation among the darkened corridors of the mysterious Greybourne Hall. Yet Lewis Browning is not as she once imagined, and his motivation is horribly unclear. Recurrent nightmares and Rebecca’s restless feelings are further complicated by the shadow of her mother’s prior descent into madness and wondering if she, too, will follow the same heartbreaking path.Even as midnight rides, strange injuries, and further murders lead back to Mr. Browning, Rebecca can’t ignore the subtle turn of her heart. Has she fallen for the man she swore would pay for her brother’s death? And moreover, can she trust him with her uncertain future? Praise for Abigail Wilson“A wonderfully suspicious cast of characters, intriguing clues, and lush backdrop that readers can easily get lost in.” —Historical Novels Review of Midnight on the River Grey “In the Shadow of Croft Towers is everything I love in a novel: a classic gothic feel, a regency setting, a mysterious hero . . . and secrets abounding!” —Dawn Crandall, award-winning author of the Everstone Chronicles series  “Enough jaw-dropping plot twists to give readers whiplash.” —Hope by the Book, Bookmarked review of In the Shadow of Croft Towers “Shades of Gothic romance in a portrait of Regency England . . . if Jane Austen ever met Jane Eyre, it would be at Croft Towers!” —Kristy Cambron, author of Castle on the Rise, of In the Shadow of Croft Towers "Blending the unputdownable Regency flair of Georgette Heyer with the intricate plotting of Julie Klassen, Wilson not only places herself competently amidst beloved authors but carves out a unique place of her own." —Rachel McMillan, author of the Van Buren and DeLuca Mysteries  "Beautifully written, suspenseful, and satisfyingly romantic." —Jennifer Beckstrand, author of Home on Huckleberry Hill This sweet Regency romance is a standalone novel. Book length: approximately 90,000 words. Includes a reading group guide.  