It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas at the café at Seashell Cove, where there’s hot chocolate to keep you warm – and the man of your dreams could be waiting…  Interior designer Tilly Campbell loves being carefree and single. But her latest job is redecorating the cosy local café for a Christmas party, and when her friends confess their plans for the big night – including a proposal, a declaration of love and a pregnancy announcement – Tilly starts to wonder if she might be missing out…  Transforming the café into a winter wonderland is more of a challenge than she thought, so when she bumps into gorgeous newcomer Seth, Tilly welcomes the distraction. Seth is a single father, struggling to settle his son Jack into their new cottage, and Tilly is determined to help them make their house into a home in time for Christmas.  But with the café still in chaos just days before the party it looks like it’s going to be a Christmas to remember for all the wrong reasons… With friends old and new relying on her, can Tilly save the Christmas party?  And could she finally find love waiting for her under the mistletoe?  A heart-warming, hilarious read about friendship, family and the meaning of Christmas. Perfect for fans of Sue Moorcroft, Holly Martin and Debbie Johnson!    What readers are saying about Karen Clarke:  ‘I absolutely loved it… Touched my heart … Absolutely wonderful… If I could give this book more than five stars I really, really would… Uplifting, feel good and absolutely beautiful. I adored it.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘Such an amazing read, I just didn't want to put it down. It's worth far more than the five stars I have given it… Full of romance… Funny and heart-warming… Fantastic read, I highly recommend it… Simply fantastic read.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘Wonderful… Heart-warming and funny… Absolutely perfect… Had me hook, line and sinker right from page one… Delight in every single word.’ Stardust Book Reviews  ‘Sent my pulse racing… I fell head over heels in love… Will certainly have your heart melting… Extremely hard to put down… A deliciously, wondrous story that you will devour within no time at all. It is escapism at its finest and I really enjoyed every minute of it.’ By the Letter Book Reviews  ‘Delightfully brilliant!... I absolutely LOVED this book… Truly magical… It would take a person made of stone to not fall in love… This book made me feel the happiest I have felt in a long time… I felt as though I was on cloud nine… I truly didn’t want the story to end… Simply perfect.’ The Writing Garnet  ‘An absolute joy to read… A warm, romantic, feel-good read… The perfect piece of escapism!’ Dash Fan Book Reviews  ‘I couldn’t put it down… Highly recommended, I loved it!