Kandace is worried about being out late at night in the city streets, and when she’s confronted by five men eager for her attention, her worries are justified. Why then, is she more worried about her sister? Why, even as she’s forced to take all of the men on at once, with forced deep throat, forced semen swallowing, double teaming, and a very rough first anal experience, is her sister the thing she worries about? The poor men will discover all of the answers after the rough and reluctant gang bang is over, and the prospects for survival are very, very poor.Warning: This paranormal erotica ebook contains very graphic descriptions of sex acts during a very rough and reluctant gangbang. It includes double teaming, double penetration, triple penetration, rough throat fucking, and forced semen swallowing. It is intended for mature audiences who will not be offended by explicit descriptions of sex acts.Here is a preview:They dragged her into an alleyway, but they didn’t do anything with her, just held her tightly. She couldn’t see, but she heard keys jingling, and then they were moving again, pulling and pushing her through a doorway until she was thrown down onto a carpeted floor. It was dark, pitch black. She tried to breathe evenly, to calm down.She heard a click, and her eyes were blinded momentarily by bright light. She was in a rat hole of a little apartment. There was a door to her left that she assumed went to a bedroom and Cosmo was closing the door they’d just thrown her through. She tried hard to maintain control. There had to be a way out of the situation. She racked her brain. Dealing with this would be difficult. Dealing with Rielle was going to hell.She sighed. She heard Cosmo say, “Someone hold her down,” and she looked up at him. He was unbuttoning his pants. It was a shame they’d met this way because if she’d met him in a bar she’d likely have given him anything he asked for. But this…pulling her off the street. She knew there was only one thing to do. She took a deep breath. The alternative was unthinkable, so she had to do it. She had to do what she could to get through this with as little stress as she could. “Nobody needs to hold me down, Honey.”Cosmo arched an eyebrow. “Hold her down.”“You don’t understand, Baby. I’m not going to try to get away. You can do anything you want with me.”He looked uncertain at first, but he waved the men who had approached her away. She rose to her knees, looked at the hulk, and licked her lips. The man didn’t hesitate. He walked over quickly, fumbling with his belt as he did. By the time he reached her, his thick, long dick was exposed, and he almost stumbled the last few steps as his pants reached his ankles.She reached out to grab his cock, which was standing at attention, but he put his hands on her shoulders and pushed her to her knees. She started to tell him he didn’t need to be rough, but as soon as her lips parted, he pushed into her mouth, moving his hands, placing one on the back, gripping her hair, and the other beneath her chin as the thrust forward. She felt the head of his cock travel over her tongue and into her throat. She gagged and fought desperately to fight down the reflex, to breathe.