Ragyn (I just got freed. I don't have an effing last name yet but I'll probably be writing Wright in all my notebooks.) I'm free. I don't know why my father has decided to let me off my tightly wielded leash when he has been so adamant about controlling my every move until now, but I wasn't going to argue, even if I do think it's too good to be true and he's going to change his mind eventually, I'm going to enjoy my taste of freedom and spend as much time as demonly possible in the sun. Logically, I'm going to visit my brother and his odd group of friends because I literally have no one else. The only problem is he seems to always be around. Grey Wright, king of the fifth kingdom of the demon realm. The ex fiancé of my brother and the man that has been my obsession since I nosily poked around to find out all I could about him when I thought he was going to take my brother from me. Obviously, since Karney is now mated to Cast, I don't have to feel guilty about wanting him anymore. Not that it really matters. How can a man who has nothing offer anything to a man who has everything?  Grey Wright  My mate. After over a thousand years, I've finally found my mate. And he's the brother to the man I was once engaged to. He's beautiful and sassy and a bit cagey and I truly adore all of those things about him. Now if I could just get rid of that vulnerability in his eyes. He's been through a lot and it's going to take some serious strength to convince him he is worthy of a loving mate who would burn worlds to the ground for him if necessary, but I'm a demon king, I definitely have the strength.   Warning: Mpreg elements! (Though the MCs in this book aren't and cannot get pregnant, this is a spin-off series from my Chosen series. Occasional Mpreg characters might have cameos. You've been warned!)  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::  