The #1 Amazon Bestseller in Counseling, Zen, & Stress Management Downloaded by over 100,000 people... Your Unwanted Emotions Are Created By Thoughts, Not By FactsIf your romantic partner isn't cheating, but you think that they are, how do you feel? Hurt. If your romantic partner is cheating, but you think that they love you, how do you feel? Great. If your child isn't injured, but you think that they got hurt, how do you feel? Sad. If your child is injured, but you think they are safe at a friend's house, how do you feel? Fine. If you aren't going to get fired next week, but you think that you'll be fired, how do you feel? Fearful. If you are going to get fired next week, but you think that your job is safe, how do you feel? Great.When the facts are "good", but you think they are "bad", you suffer. When the facts are "bad", but you think they are "good", you are happy. This demonstrates that the facts don't create your happiness or suffering. It is only your thoughts that create your emotions.A Powerful 5-Step Process That Can Immediately Bring You More PeaceDo you want to stop living with stress, unworthiness, social anxiety, insecurity, anger, or sadness? It certainly seems as though these emotions are inevitable, and directly created by our circumstances, our situations, and the people in our lives. However, it is possible to discover that all your unwanted emotions are actually created by the thoughts in your mind. More importantly, each of these emotions can vanish in an instant if you just stop believing the thoughts that create them.When You Don't Believe Words, Those Words Don't Create EmotionsIf a random person tells you, "The world is going to end tomorrow", and you believe them, how would you feel? You would likely experience fear. But if you didn't believe them at all, then how would their comment make you feel? You almost certainly wouldn't be emotionally affected. This demonstrates that when you believe someone's words to be true, those words create emotions. But if you don't believe someone's words, those same words don't have the power to create emotions.The same is true of the words (thoughts) in your mind. If you believe a negative thought about yourself or your life, that thought will create an unwanted emotion. However, if you don't believe that thought, it quite simply won't create the unwanted emotion.This Book Will Show You How To Disbelieve The Thoughts That Create Your Unwanted EmotionsAs soon as you stop believing a thought that is creating one of your unwanted emotions, that emotion will instantly dissolve. As you disbelieve more and more of the thoughts that create your suffering, you will be happier in more and more situations, the more you will be living in the moment, and the more peace, freedom, love, laughter, wholeness, enthusiasm, and gratitude you will experience in your life.This Book Will Help You To:- Experience peace in situations that used to be filled with anxiety and stress - Lose the sense of lack in your life, and live with a sense of a wholeness and completeness- Put an end to your feelings of unworthiness and insecurity- Enjoy less arguments, resentment, and disappointment in your relationships with others- Experience the freedom to act how you feel without worrying about others' opinions- Live in the moment or live the power of now - Experience the fulfillment you have been searching for