Beautiful, intensely moving and laugh-out-loud funny. ‘Where’d You Go, Bernadette meets Britt-Marie Was Here… This lovely unexpected read left me questioning – could I leave all I know behind for a chance at love?’ NetGalley ReviewerMeet Eliza Bloom: She likes to live life by the rules: long, blue skirt on Thursdays, dinner with mother on Fridays and if someone tells you a Valentine should be anonymous, give your new husband a blank card. Nothing is out of place in her ordered life… But last night her teenage daughter found something in a hidden shoebox that no-one was supposed to see and started asking questions. Questions that might just change everything in Eliza’s carefully constructed world. Join Eliza as she shows you how to run away with the love of your life (quite fast actually, as your family are coming after you), how to make your grandfather happy (this might involve a little bit of lying), how to let someone you love go (actually, this never gets easier) and how (now, this is a bad idea) to keep secrets from your new husband. The only way to truly live is to learn how to open your heart. An uplifting and heartbreaking novel about finding yourself, perfect for fans of Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine, The Keeper of Lost Things and The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry. Readers absolutely love The Two Hearts of Eliza Bloom: ‘Charming and, ultimately, uplifting… laugh-out-loud funny yet also, at times, heartbreaking… a feel-good story about staying true to yourself.’ Goodreads Reviewer ‘A sweet &amp; refreshing read. I flew through this book really enjoyed it! Would recommend this to anyone.’ NetGalley Reviewer‘It’s light, is heartfelt, it’s sensitive, it’s funny (at times laugh out loud)... I really enjoyed it. I got lost in their world and wanted to keep learning about their lives… This is the perfect read for when you’re chilling on the beach, preferably with a cocktail within arm’s reach.’ Reading with KT ‘A stellar read with suspense and intrigue up until the very end. Delightful!’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars‘A lovely story, showing us life is not lived on a straight line, and sometimes we have to go back in order to move forward.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars