This is an alternate cover edition for ASIN B00CTYIWGO.."You never have to be without me, Laney, never." Evan's words- Evan's lies- rang hollow in my head as I left for college. And though change is an inevitable, scary part of life, just lying in wait around the corners and milestones you thought you had a lock on, there's no way I could've known just how much change, that would never change back, I was driving right toward. But... when the time came to shut doors on my old life, the door to my new life opened- and in strolled Dane Kendrick, awakening the wildest of dreams, delights, and desires that I never knew slept inside me. And now, it's time to let the real Laney Jo Walker emerge. ★★★★★ "A heartwarming coming of age romance full of humor and heart. A charming heartthrob and sassy softball player create passion that sizzles off the page! Don't pass up a chance to meet this Crew!"- AngelaGraham, New York Times & USA Today bestselling author ★★★★★ "S.E. Hall writes with a distinctive blend of humor, realism,and raw emotion that allows you to experience every single emotion with every single character as if right there with them!"-Hilary Storm, USA Today Bestselling author ★★★★★ "Emerge will light you on fire, have you glued to the pages, and you won't stop turning until you finish. Dane and Disney... You feel the tension, the heat, the love, the caresses. It jumps off the pages. S.E.Hall nailed every literary component with Emerge and is able to pull you in,lock you down, and take you on a ride you'll never forget."- Leigh Ann Lunsford, Author Evolve & Full Circle Series suggested reading order: *Emerge *Embrace *Entangled *Entice *Sawyer Beckett's Baby Mama Drama Guide for Dummies *Endure *Sawyer Beckett's Guide for Tools Looking to Date My Daughter *Entwined *Embody (Full Circle Series/Spinoff from Evolve Series Book One) *A Crew Christmas *Elusive (Full Circle Series/Princess Presley Duet Book One) *Exclusive (Full Circle Series/Princess Presley Duet Book Two)