Downloaded by tens of thousands and lauded by reviewers and fellow authors, the award-winning Alex Troutt Thriller Series has been called, "Gripping, tightly plotted, and compelling."  This 250,000-word box set contains the first three novels -- including a Readers' Favorite Gold Medal winner -- and is nearly 900 pages full of intrigue, spine-tingling chills, and jaw-clenching suspense.  AT Bay (Book 1) Alexandra Giordano never knew she had it so good. Until it was all gone in an instant.  As she begins her daunting quest to uncover the black spots on her memory, what she finds isn’t sweet or charming or even pleasant. And that’s when she begins to question everything, including herself.  Her work as a Special Agent for the FBI is only a distraction, serving as a mental metronome…anything to crank the gears of her feeble mind.  And then it happens—a bizarre, ritualistic murder. She loses herself in her work, fully immersed in the investigation. Unable to recall even her own kids, she’s somehow able to formulate coherent theories on what type of person could pull off such a sickening act.  As her mind slowly plugs a few memory gaps, her emotions are scrambled by the reality of her worlds colliding. And the resulting explosion tears her in two.  Can she pick up all the incendiary fragments to solve the twisted crime while she clings to some semblance of sanity?  One woman can only keep so much…AT Bay.  AT Large (Book 2) The pursuit of the truth. The hunt for a life.  For the first time in months, FBI Special Agent Alex Troutt feels almost normal, hanging out at a local bar with friends after work. Not long into the evening she stumbles over one of the most disturbing images she has ever seen.  And that’s only the beginning.  A body is found in Lowell, the human damage, once again, inconceivable. Hours later, another strike. Pushing heartache aside, Alex immerses herself in the investigation. But with every new clue comes a new twist.  With the killing spree drawing the attention of every intelligence and law enforcement agency in a five-state radius, Alex is forced to partner with an egomaniac from the CIA. Yet, even with limitless resources, every step forward proves to be a step too late, the kill list seemingly endless.  Once the killer makes it personal, Alex is left with no other option—she must confront the person who destroyed her life to try to cease the vicious murders. And when she finally learns the killer’s end game, every second counts if she has any hope of stopping the brutal killings.  The hunt will end. Will Alex?  AT Once (Book 3) “If you don’t stand for something, you will fall for anything.”  FBI Agent Alex Troutt has no intentions of falling for anything. Apparently, neither do the bad guys, as the Boston area is once again targeted by extremists. Boston Strong of just a few years ago is now Boston on Edge. And this time, the targets are men of the cloth—priests.  At least that’s how it looks at first.  As investigators struggle to make sense of the bombings, Alex is thrown for a loop when the FBI assistant director asks her to investigate one of their own—a colleague and friend who is suspected of having ties to a known terrorist. Torn between her values of friendship and the oath she gave when she accepted her FBI credentials, Alex must now lead two investigations simultaneously.