Escape to a world filled with passionate kisses. Brazen billionaires. Hot cops. Small town hotties. Hunky Scotsmen. Big city playboys. All are ready to put everything on the line for the women who stir their hearts. Passionate Kisses: Ten full-length sizzling contemporary romance novels by some of today's hottest authors that will sweep you away and leave you yearning for your very own knee-buckling, heart-melting kiss.  STORM DAMAGES by Magda Alexander After clawing her way out of a dirt-poor background, Elizabeth Watson's dream of an associate position at her law firm is within reach. As long as she keeps up her grades, makes law review. And stays out of trouble. But then British billionaire Gabriel Storm walks into her life. And trouble is his middle name.  CONFESSIONS by Wendy Ely When Chelsea Montgomery vanished eleven years ago, her hometown thought she’d been abducted. In truth, she'd given up the daughter she'd secretly had with Jordan Case. Now he confronts her to help find the child. With a little girl's fate hanging in the balance, will the uneasy partnership -- stained by the past -- transform into something else?  RECKLESS by Jessi Gage Cami is in a coma. While her body recovers in the hospital, she visits the dreams of the man who acted in anger on the freeway and caused her accident. Can she learn the meaning of forgiveness or will she let a single mistake drive her dream man away forever?  AGAINST HER RULES by Victoria Barbour Elsie Walsh has one rule—no sleeping with the guests at her luxury inn on the rugged coast of Newfoundland—but Scottish playboy Campbell Scott is determined to show her that he belongs not only in her bed, but by her side at the Heart’s Ease Inn.  SHAMELESS by Rebecca J. Clark It'll take more than a shameless proposal to overcome their tragic past, but with a little luck and forgiveness, anything is possible.  GOOD COP by Liz Kelly When two best friends enlist a pony-tailed firecracker to help shake up their good cop/bad cop images, fireworks ignite. One steamy romance plus a very funny bromance equals lots of laughs and a helluva love triangle.  BABY STETSON by Nikki Lynn Barrett Her past is full of holes, but new strangers in town are about to bring secrets, truths, and a chance at love.  AWAKENING by Sydney Holmes Once you step over the edge there’s no turning back. Nora Young, restless and adrift, dreams of passion, purpose and adventure. In walks mysterious and sexy Ryan Cole who seems to offer her everything she is looking for. Will they survive the fire they ignite?  BEACON OF LOVE by Allie Boniface When travel journalist Sophie Smithwaite comes to Lindsey Point to investigate a haunted lighthouse, hunky local handyman Lucas Oakes is torn between protecting the town's secrets and giving in to the first passion he’s felt in years. Is preserving tradition worth sacrificing a chance at true love?  THE OPPOSITE OF WILD by Kylie Gilmore The last thing Liz Garner expects in her new job as an elder care provider is Ryan O'Hare for a boss. The insensitive, arrogant, horribly…hot man she's avoided for years. When his Gran walks on the wild side, Liz joins her, risking both his ire and his passion.