When Supernatural Investigation Bureau agent Bluebell Kildare (a.k.a. Blue) arrives at the scene of the crime, it's obvious the grotesquely damaged body of the deceased teenage boy was caused by far more than a simple hit and run. Using her innate sixth sense, Blue uncovers a powerful magical artifact nearby. She soon discovers it acts as a key to an ancient Grimoire that was instrumental in the creation of the Vampire breed and still holds the power to unravel the boundaries between Earth and the Plane of Fire.Blue and her clever wolf Varg follow a trail that starts at the Cock and Bull Tap and leads all through the town of Crimson Hollow. Between being sidelined by a stalker who sticks to the shadows and chasing a suspect who vanishes in thin air, the case is getting complicated. If that isn't enough, Dark Vampire activity hits a record high, and hate crimes are increasing. However, it's Blue’s growing feelings for Jack Tanner, her magnetic Daylight Vampire boss, that just might undo her.While Blue searches for clues to nail the perpetrator, it seems someone else is conducting a search of their own. Who will find whom first?Danger lurks in every corner, and Blue needs all her focus in this increasingly dangerous game or she risks ending up the next victim.----------------------------------Rated R: a few scenes contain explicit sex and graphic violence; recommended for 17+ yearsUnderlying Theme: There are some deeper aspects to this story as the characters begin to explore the nature of good and evil. The main societal conflict present in this world is prejudice and hate, and it is in fact the primary underlying theme for the book. While the typical prejudices we see in our reality don't exist in this world, the author has flipped the lens of prejudice to focus on the three different breeds of humans. The characters are forced to deal with the prejudices that permeate their society on both a professional and a personal level, in an environment where hate seems on the knife's edge of destroying their dearly bought peace.