13 Dark and Twisted Tales - 1 Feature Length Story  Strangers...  When you live in a city, you are surrounded by them. Or so it may seem? For how can someone be a stranger if they are already inexplicably and inextricably entwined into your life? The stories in this book, concern one such group of strangers.  Falling - Michael Young is quite literally a man on the edge. Will he fall into the abyss, or will his treacherous best friend, Marcus, persuade him that life is worth living after all?  Life after Bill - Isabelle misses her dead husband, Bill. She comfort eats to fill the gap in her life, but then she meets the charismatic George...  His Brother’s Keeper - Gary Maloney is an ambulance driver, racing against time to find an organ donor for his younger brother. Will he succeed, or will he continue to fail his ungrateful sibling?  The Tattoo - Andy Webb has just separated from his fiancée. After a drink and drug induced night on the tiles, he stumbles along a tattoo shop that works unusual hours...  The Neighbours - Caroline Fitzpatrick dislikes her neighbours. What lengths will she go to for a little peace and quiet?  The Interloper - Karen Carlson is in love with her boss, but then a ghost from her past re-emerges and attracts his attention...  The Children - A brother and sister are lost in the City. They must remain undiscovered if they are to stay together. They decide to hide in a creepy cellar...  The Ring - Marcus Campbell is a womaniser. He currently has three girlfriends, but recent events persuade him to devote his future to just one woman...  No Second Chance - Candy is an escort with a drug habit...her sadistic dealer calls her and demands that she ‘repays’ her mounting debt.  A Rip in Time - A serial killer is butchering the City’s prostitutes. Can an old doctor’s bag from the past, hold the answer to the identity of the killer?  The Gift - A spoilt wife looks forward to opening her Christmas presents; will she get more than she bargained for?  The Good the Bad and the Truly Evil – Detective Pearce is on the hunt for a killer, and follows his prey to the airport, bringing a dramatic conclusion to the tale.  **BONUS** The opening story of ‘Entwined – Tales from the Village’  The Seventh Sin - A narcoleptic priest is concerned by the disappearance of his parishioners, but then he gets a visit from the mysterious man who has been following him...