Single-mother Florida bounty-hunter Lori Anderson returns in another nail-biting, high-voltage read. When Lori is kidnapped, and her family threatened, she has 48 hours to save them … or lose everything… ‘A real cracker’ Mark Billingham ‘My kind of book’ Lee Child ‘Like Midnight Run, but much darker … really, really good’ Ian Rankin ––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––  A price on her head. A secret worth dying for. 48 hours to expose the truth… Single-mother bounty-hunter Lori Anderson finally has her family back together, but her new-found happiness is shattered when she’s snatched by the Miami Mob – and they want her dead. Rather than a bullet, they offer her a job: find the Mob’s ‘numbers man’ who’s in protective custody after being forced to turn federal witness against them. If Lori succeeds, they’ll wipe the slate clean and the price on her head – and those of her family – will be removed. If she fails, they die. With North due in court in 48 hours, Lori sets off across Florida, racing against the clock to find him and save her family. Only in this race the prize is more deadly – and the secret she shares with JT more dangerous – than she ever could have imagined.In this race only the winner gets out alive… –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– ‘Lori thinks with viper-like speed, speaks with strength and acts from her gut. Steph Broadribb has constructed a thoroughly believable world full of substantial yet flawed characters. I quite simply love this series, I leap in with total faith and just let myself go. Deep Dirty Truth is a thrilling, assertive and energetic read’ LoveReading 'Sharp, thrilling and one hell of a ride. This series just gets better and better!’ Chris Whitaker ‘Brilliant and pacey’ Steve Cavanagh ‘Perfect for fans of Lee Child and Janet Evanovich’ Alex Caan ‘Broadribb’s writing is fresh and vivid, crackling with life … an impressive thriller, the kind of book that comfortably sits alongside seasoned pros’ Crime Watch ‘Fresh, fast and zinging with energy’ 
  Sunday Mirror
 ‘Romping entertainment that moves faster than a bullet’ 
  Sunday Express
 ‘Stylish with an original take on the lone wolf/bounty hunter theme. This is a novel alive with tension and intriguing twists. … There’s a good deal of wit at the expense of the complacent, anachronistic, loud mouthed quick-fisted mobsters. Just a whole hell of a lot of fun’ 
  New Books Magazine
 ‘This is every bit as lively an outing for Broadribb’s heroine as its predecessor, and the pace is satisfyingly unrelenting’ Barry Forshaw’s Book of the Month, CrimeTime   ‘Fast-faced, page-turning thriller …  It is so refreshing to read a thriller with a female central character. Especially when that female is as all-round compelling as Lori Anderson’ CrimeSquad ‘Nerve-wracking and so fast-paced you won’t have time to even stop and breathe … a totally cracking book three’ Jen Med’s Book Reviews   ‘A compelling and thrilling read, with a kickass protagonist readers are going to love’ By-the-Letter Book Reviews ‘With a heroine who jumps off the page and a fantastic supporting cast, this series is a sure-fire winner for anyone with a pulse’ SJI Holliday ‘Fast and furious … a book you genuinely can’t put down’ TripFiction   ‘I am already looking forward to reading the next book in this fantastic series!’ Book after Book ‘The best one yet’ Ginger Nut ‘A tightly plotted, breathlessly paced, action packed, character driven novel that reads like the best blockbuster action movies’ Beardy Book Blogger ‘A thriller with bite, grit and attitude’ The Book Trail ‘Addictive, fun, bang on the money from first page to last!’ Liz Loves Books ‘Superb’ Hair Past a Freckle  