The body of a young man is found in a graveyard the night after a wild, drug-fuelled party. At first glance, there doesn’t appear to be anything sinister about his death, despite the shock of Detective Inspector Mark Olbeck realising that he once knew him.  Detective Sergeant Kate Redman has other things to worry about, not least her ongoing affair with her superior officer Chief Inspector Anderton. But when a second body is found in suspiciously similar circumstances, Kate, Olbeck and the rest of the Abbeyford police team realise they are up against a devious killer who will stop at nothing to indulge a literal thirst for blood…  Praise for Celina Grace from Amazon and Goodreads reviewers:  "The gradual crescendo of action and pace remorselessly increases..."  "Love Kate. She is human, does not always make good choices just like us."  “At last, a mystery that delivers…I found this novel superb because I got all I needed to know and none of what I didn’t.”  “…a gripping detective story but the main character engages you, and as well as wanting to know how the mystery turns out you want to learn more about her too.”  “…amazing book, read it front to back in one visit, couldn`t help myself…”  “…the most enjoyable Kindle book I have so far read since the 'low cost electronic revolution' which has been sweeping my reading habits for the last couple of years! Thoroughly recommended.”  “This was my introduction to the author, and I'm so glad I discovered the book. Well-written and a real page turner.”  “I was awake till the early hours to finish it !! I really enjoyed it and the characters in it so I'm pleased I also have the sequel downloaded to read at some point. I know it should be great.”  “Attention to detail and great character building coupled with a mystery that keeps you guessing are all the ingredients that make me keep reading till the early hours of the morning.”  "Celina Grace has done it again, she compels you from page to page and chapter to chapter, a great, riveting read..."  "I found it difficult to put down and was completely distracted from all the other things I should have been doing with my time."  "This is a great series that I couldn't put down and grabbed the next book right away at 1 a.m. to keep reading."