Recovering from a tragic accident I found recalling my past was my answer. When I was ten it was a magical time when I was given a chance by my grannie to have one wish come true... for a little while. I found Evernow, a realm between time and no time where only those who die with a pure heart can go. I was invited. There I discovered my true heritage, the power in a silver necklace, why there is no magic in our world and how evil can come to even the perfect places, but still be defeated with the help of a child. But we have to grow up, even if the perfect life we experienced has to be left behind. Let me tell you of my adventure during the summer when I was ten and you, too, might become a believer in magic once again. Madison's memory reveals a fantastic world she entered to rescue her Grampy and return a power-filled necklace to its rightful owner. But ill intent found this sanctuary created for all magical creatures. Its good light can burn evil, so protection is conjured from the lost essence of the purest of creatures - unicorns. And an elf prince is held captive as ransom for the object of real power the realm was illegally entered to recover. Only the child can enter the lair to free the prince, but she has a lot of help and protection, and it is they who are in most danger. Quote from book: I kept going back for a long time, every chance I could during our stays with Grannie. I was sure it was a special place for something special to visit for me to see. And, finally something did. Quote from book: For his part Foresti went into a deep meditation envisioning every inch of his carefully created land. He searched for XoLar Althusa in every niche and crevice, hollow tree and underwater cave he remembered. Unsuccessful he turned to seeking out new secret places. No creature could tell him and no vision opened to him a new place for such a vial man to hide. Frustration was only the tip of his growing fear. He knew this demonic wizard liked to play with his victims much as a cat plays with a mouse before it kills. He walked in the walled gardens, and haunted the empty halls of the large castle. Reaching the highest spire he circled its interior while gazing out over the land with his enhanced wizard vision. Unwinding his memory he tried to put pieces of all he knew and remembered together. He sought the illusive bit of his formula to complete his equation. He came to only one conclusion and he didn't like it at all. He didn't like it because it meant Gwenya Lett had more power than any of them knew, even if she had stolen it from the dead. He had one last source to confirm his suspicions -- Melvedic.