An absolutely hilarious, uplifting summer read about living life to the full!  Meg Larson thought she had everything she wanted: she works in the local bakery, she’s months away from marrying her high-school sweetheart, and home is beautiful, sunny Seashell Cove, where the sky is blue, the sea is turquoise and the sand is golden.  Except that the bakery is up for sale and her fiancé Sam’s more interested in bikes than their relationship. When Meg receives shocking news about her family, he’s on a cycling tour and ignoring her calls – and posting selfies on Facebook with a female cyclist he looks far too cosy with...  Luckily the bakery’s estate agent, Nathan, is understanding and funny, and as the summer goes on an unexpected friendship blossoms. When the bakery is given a second lease of life under a mysterious new owner, Meg realises a change might be exactly what she needs too.  Will Meg find the happy-ever-after she dreams of in Seashell Cove?  An uplifting, laugh-out-loud rom com that will make you dream of romantic days at the beach. Perfect for fans of Debbie Johnson, Holly Martin and Jenny Oliver.    What readers are saying about The Bakery at Seashell Cove:  ‘Hilarious.’ Being Unique Being a Reader  ‘I couldn’t put it down… Highly recommended, I loved it!’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Laugh out loud… I couldn’t put it down… I highly recommend this book!’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘I loved this story, it swept me away to a quaint English seaside village where anything could happen and where a happy ending is guaranteed… If you love Jenny Colgan, then Karen Clarke should be on your to-be-read list.’ For the Love of Books, 5 stars  ‘Now Nathan the love interest sent my pulse racing… I fell head over heels in love with him myself… The blossoming friendship between the two will certainly have your heart melting… A heart-warming and very much lighthearted read. I loved how the author threw some little surprises in there for the readers making this novel extremely hard to put down… The Bakery At Seashell Cove is a deliciously, wondrous story that you will devour within no time at all. It is escapism at its finest and I really enjoyed every minute of it.’ By the Letter Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘I couldn't wait to read this book as I loved all Karen's other books, and she certainly didn't disappoint at all… Such an amazing read, I just didn't want to put it down. It's worth far more than the five stars I have given it… Full of romance… Funny and heart-warming… Fantastic read, I highly recommend it… Simply fantastic read.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Ticked all the boxes for me… Thoroughly enjoyable and entertaining.’ B for Book Review, 5 stars  ‘A wonderfully heart-warming story… I loved the friendships in this… This book