27 stories full of twisted mayhem brought to you from 28 talented authors- VIKING by Sapphire Knight - When it comes to his club and his woman, he's a savage. Always has been, always will be. HATCH by Piper Davenport - When the beloved Sargent at Arms for the Dogs of Fire MC finds himself falsely incarcerated, his woman must move heaven and earth to release him, while holding back a pack of ravenous bikers whose bite is worse than their bark. ABOUND WEDDING by Ryan Michele - Cooper and Bristyl are tying the knot. With the Ravage MC in attendance, what could go wrong? GUST- LOST VALKYRIES MC by Esther E. Schmidt - Have you ever disassembled a ticking bomb? I have. Steady as fuck hand, the longest last breath, and the will to live. There’s nothing I can’t do and I have to admit, with all my brothers claiming an Old Lady, I’ve been craving to claim one. Circumstances aside, I never in a million years thought it would be Paisley. SERVICE AND SACRIFICE by MariaLisa deMora - Amanda lost her husband to war. Alex lost part of himself. Together, they’ll discover hope and peace can be found in the most unexpected of places. ONE WEEK by Colbie Kay - I've never been a man to follow rules, but one night I went too far, crossing lines that should have never been touched. I'm about to break the rules again, but this time I'm ready to make her mine. Only one problem stands in my way, she's getting married in one week. OUR NOTORIOUS NIGHT by K E Osborn - Doing deals in a hotel room seemed like the safe option. No outside eyes, no mess, no damn fuss. What I didn't count on was being blindsided by a feisty maid who ended up seeing far too much. Now she's a problem - my problem. But maybe that problem will surprise me in a way I never saw coming.DUKE by Jack Davenport - Home from a war my country hated me for, I’m looking for my place in the world, managing to find myself in jail instead. But when a vision of perfection walks up the jailhouse steps, I’m lost. Now I just have to convince her to get lost with me.VIPER by Lilly Atlas - With his shiny new patch and legacy blood, Viper’s life is dedicated to one day becoming president of the Devil’s Tribe MC. One look at the beautiful and terrified Cassandra has him questioning everything his club stands for. Never had loyalty to his club taken a back seat, but how could he ignore the pleading in those green eyes? WRAITHKathleen KellyThe Harbingers of Death MC have wronged me. They don’t know it yet, but I’m coming for them. They will all pay. For she will be avenged. Other stories include:SPADE by Harley Stone, WHISKEY RIDER by Vera Quinn, BIRTHRIGHT by Shelly Morgan, DEMETRI by Sandy Alvarez &amp; Crystal Daniels, THE BIKER’S PROTECTION by Daphne Loveling, OUTLAW JUSTICE by Jaime Russell, TAKEN TO THE CLEANER by Ginger Ring, HEX by Morgan Jane Mitchell, DIRTY LITTLE SECRET by Kailee Reese Samuels, PELIGRO by Angie M Brashears, LEATHER AND LACE by K.A. Ware, ROAR by Xavier Neal, RECKLESS ANGELS MC by Amy Davies, STYX AND STONES by Kristine Allen, RYDER by Crimson Syn, BADGER by Teagan Brooks, and TORQUE by Linny LawlessNet proceeds raised by the MMM19 anthology will be donated to the Patriot Guard Riders.They're a diverse group of riders from across the nation. They have an unwavering respect for America's heros including fallen military members, first responders, and honorably discharged Veterans.Their mission is to attend funeral services to show respect to the hero, as well as shield the mourning family from interruptions.Please join us in supporting this selfless nonprofit organization of volunteers who do so much for our real life American heros.These steamy, suspenseful stories are for readers 18 or older. You can meet these Authors and more at Motorcycles, Mobsters and Mayhem in Austin Texas. #MMM19