Just when they think they will be in the friend zone forever, everything changes. As a successful chef and co-owner of Best Bites Catering, Travis Reed is happy. He gets to do all the things he loves - live in one of the most beautiful Florida beach towns, cook the food he loves, and hang out with Benny McKenna, his best friend and co-owner of Best Bites. If there is one thing lacking in his life, it is a lover. It couldn’t be Benny, though. Not when Benny made their friend-only status very clear shortly after they both came out. Benny made the decision to keep his relationship with Travis purely in the friend zone back when both men were in college. Now, ten years since he made that decision, he is beginning to waver. Something about the focus Travis gives to his craft makes him jealous, illuminating how lonely he is. A love life punctuated by a series of one-night-stands isn’t especially satisfying. And with Travis acting strangely ever since they moved in together, Benny is unsettled.When a friend asks Benny and Travis to participate in a non-profit dating event for GLBT people in the Tampa Bay, they agree to help out. What they aren’t prepared for is answering a series of increasingly intimate questions, all aimed at making couples fall in love. The idea of falling in love wasn’t on Travis or Benny’s radar, but now they are rethinking their assumptions. Could answering the right question lead to something more than they ever expected?Dear Author,We’ve been friends forever. Best friends in school. Roommates and best friends in college. Partners and best friends in business. He was the first person I told when I realized I was gay. He just said, “Me, too.” Yet somehow, in all those years, through all the ups and downs, we never even thought of being lovers. We were always best friends.Then one day, something changed. What happened? How did we end up here?Photo Description: Two unclothed men stand side-by-side at the railing to a ship, their backs to us, facing the ocean. The man on the left has his arm around the waist of the other and their heads are tipped together affectionately. Both men are similar looking: wide shoulders, shaved heads, shapely butts, and golden skin. The one major difference is their tattoos. The man on the left has two tribal bands across his right bicep and shoulder. The other man has a swirling tribal design that covers most of his back, with smaller designs on his lower back and upper right thigh.This story was written as a part of the M/M Romance Group's "Love is an Open Road" event. Group members were asked to write a story prompt inspired by a photo of their choice. Authors of the group selected a photo and prompt that spoke to them and wrote a short story. This story may contain sexually explicit content and is intended for adult readers. It may contain content that is disagreeable or distressing to some readers. The M/M Romance Group strongly recommends that each reader review the General Information section before each story for story tags as well as for content warnings.