Magic and shifters do not go together.  Ever.  But what happens when a bruja and a shifter fall in love? And what is their punishment when they bring a magic-wielding halfling omega into the world?  The short answer is death.  The long is that their legacy lives on in an orphaned omega left in the care of a coven, but things don’t end there when the shifter world reclaims the omega and sets off a chain of events no shifter could have ever predicted.  Cora has spent every day since dreaming of her escape from the Moonwater Clan. Life as a Moonwater omega is bleak, but it's even worse for Cora as she's never experienced a heat, and there's little hope of a happily ever after if she remains their captive. Still, she holds on to the hope that things will change for her. And what better occasion than the upcoming coronation of the shifter world’s king to wish for a new beginning?  But everything changes when she’s rescued from an aggressive alpha by none other than the soon-to-be king, and she finds herself drawn to him in a way she never imagined for herself.  ***********  The Fireheart alpha and king of the shifters is dead.  Not just dead, but murdered.  Which means that his son, Zehr, will become the new king. But he is filled with self-doubt at the prospect of the throne. On top of it all is the pressure to take a mate, something Zehr has avoided for years in hopes of bonding the right one.  The one meant to be his mate and partner for life.  With his father’s murderer still at large, finding a mate is the last thing on Zehr’s mind. Fate has other plans when he saves an unknown omega from another alpha's advances, and he finds himself under her spell.  Literally.  Because she’s full of magic.  Zehr isn't sure what to make of the magic-wielding omega, but he does know one thing: he can't let her endure her first heat alone.  Zehr and Cora’s attraction to one another is put to the test by prejudices against magic and the low station of Cora’s birth. Despite it all, the couple’s bond can bridge the ancient rift between the magical realm and shifter society, but only if they can overcome their own fears and doubts.  Alpha and Omega is a novella series with A Mate for the King as its first installment! Fall into a world of intrigue, magic, and scintillating chemistry with an excerpt from our second novella, The Lioness Claims a Mate, a romance featuring a F/F pairing of a runaway omega and the female alpha who shatters expectations. 