Meg Ashworth has always lived her life by the book, until she finally breaks away from her family’s strict rules to be a wedding designer at Married in Malibu. But she never expected that part of her job description would mean working day — and night — with one of the biggest rock stars on the planet.  Lucas Crosby desperately needs Meg’s help to create a music video for his new single. She is so brilliant and beautiful that instead of hiring a model or actress to play the part of his true love in the video…he wants Meg! When their deep spark of connection grows far beyond their pretend relationship onscreen, can he convince her to take a chance on loving him in real life?  Lucy Kevin is the sweet pen-name of New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Bella Andre (who writes the #1 bestselling series about The Sullivans). Lucy Kevin books are fun, flirty and romantic―without the steamy scenes. THE BAREFOOT WEDDING is the third book in the fun and romantic “Married in Malibu” series — a spinoff of Lucy Kevin’s New York Times bestselling “Four Weddings and a Fiasco” series.  “Married in Malibu” Series Book 1: The Beach Wedding (Liz &amp; Jason) Book 2: The Summer Wedding (Jenn &amp; Daniel) Book 3: The Barefoot Wedding (Travis &amp; Amy) Book 4: The Moonlight Wedding (Meg &amp; Lucas) More books are coming soon!  "Four Weddings and a Fiasco" Series Book 1: The Wedding Gift Book 2: The Wedding Dance Book 3: The Wedding Song Book 4: The Wedding Dress Book 5: The Wedding Kiss  "Walker Island Romance" Series Book 1: Be My Love Book 2: No Other Love Book 3: When It's Love Book 4: All For Love Book 5: Forever In Love  5 STAR REVIEWS FROM READERS: "The Barefoot Wedding is a super sweet, charming and heartwarming second chance love story. I love this series!" Marybeth, 5 stars on Goodreads  "The perfect feel good romance! The Barefoot Wedding grabbed me by the heart strings." Doni, 5 stars on Goodreads  “There is something really magical about the Married in Malibu series!" Claire on Goodreads  “I loved this book. It reminded me of Nora Roberts' wedding series." 5 stars for The Wedding Gift  "Another winner from Lucy Kevin. I have enjoyed all of the books in this Series. If you are looking for a feel good kind of book, check out the Four Weddings and a Fiasco series." 5 stars for The Wedding Dress  "Awesome book from start to finish! I could not wait for the book to come out and it was great. The anticipation of what direction the story line was going to take surprised me, but at the same time kept me intrigued." 5 stars for The Wedding Dress  ABOUT THE AUTHOR Bella Andre's New York Times and USA Today bestselling novels have been #1 bestsellers around the world and she has sold more than 8 million books so far! Known for "sensual, empowered stories enveloped in heady romance" (Publishers Weekly), her books have been Cosmopolitan Magazine "Red Hot Reads" twice and have been translated into ten languages. She also writes sweet contemporary romances as Lucy Kevin. There are more than 50,000 5 star reviews for Bella Andre's books on Goodreads!