Bentley JeffersMy life has been a series of ups and downs. Downside: I lost my right arm just below he elbow when I was six years old due to a car accident. Upside: It made my usefulness to my parents nonexistent and therefore they didn't treat me the way they treated my twin brother. Downside: Not many people in the circle my family spent all its time in wanted to be friends with someone like me. Upside: My brother would burn the world down to make me happy, and I had plenty of time to pursue my love of cooking and baking. Downside: My mother tells me nobody wants to be served by, or eat anything made by an arm that looks like mine. Upside: My brother loses it on her and moves us to Purdy, Nebraska with a food truck where I can bake and sell my food. Upside: I've finally found friends that actually like me for me, and aren't put-off by my missing limb or extreme lack of confidence. Downside: I'm kidnapped by men who want to sell me to other men for my baby-making abilities. Upside: I have no doubt I'll be rescued soon. Downside: The man that rescues me is the most gorgeous, intelligent, considerate, sweet being in the world, and I think I'm falling hard for him. But how can a man so perfect want a mate that isn't whole? Who isn't "mate material?" Will I ever get back to a point in my life where I feel like someone who is worth being a mate?Kinsey WaltWhen a man is given a gift, he is thankful. And when I see my beautiful mate for the first time, I'm the happiest I've ever been in my entire life. This perfect creature was gifted to me, and I'll fight for him, no matter what. I'll fight sex traffickers, his brother and even him and his insecurities to hold on the one that belongs to me. When I take my mate back to his new home so that his new family can see that I haven't kidnapped the man myself, the dangers we knew were a possibility, become a reality, and I'm hurt. Seeing my mate scared and crying makes me question whether or not I can put him through something that is more often than not a possibility in my line of work, and I decide to accept a job offer from the place my brothers and sister work on an island in the Caribbean. Almost immediately, I regret not discussing it with my mate first, especially when it becomes clear that he is distancing himself from me before I get a chance to leave him behind. But how could he possibly think I would or even could run off and leave my precious boy?Warning: Mpreg elements!Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::