Prepare to be captivated by one of the most poignant and uplifting books you will read this year, perfect for readers who loved One Day in December and The Keeper of Lost Things.  1) Exercise more 2) Eat healthily 3) Learn how to live again…  Forty-year-old Alison Lund has always carefully planned everything in her well-ordered life, from colour co-ordinating her beautiful house to persuading her excitable son Alexander that sticker charts are more fun than misbehaving. But Alison’s perfect world has just fallen apart…  Her head is left spinning when her beloved larger than life mother-in-law, Maggie, passes away and Alison is left heartbroken. Every afternoon they’d talk and laugh over a pot of tea, she was the glue that kept Alison together through the first few tough years of motherhood. And now Alison is trying to figure out a future without her.  With a little help from her two best friends, Alison resolves to be more Maggie. After an emotional New Year’s Eve get together, the three women create a happiness project, challenging themselves to step outside their comfort zones and make the most of every single day.  Daring to do things differently, can Alison learn to live more spontaneously and find happiness along the way? Or will letting go be harder than she ever imagined?  What readers are saying about Pippa James:  ‘Brilliantly funny, entertaining and damn amazing… boy can she write a novel!... Loved it.’ The Cosiest Corner, 5 stars  ‘Full of laugh out loud moments, many cry your eyes out moments as well… will touch your heart…’ Goodreads Reviewer  ‘A brilliant, laugh out loud read… I loved the characters… it really is the perfect read… such a wonderful novel… I highly recommend this book’ Lead Reads Books  ‘A true rollercoaster of emotions.’ Stardust Book Reviews  ‘Absolutely fabulous, it is such a good read, I would recommend it to everyone.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘One of the funniest book I’ve read in 2018… laughed a lot… Highly recommended!’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Made me laugh out loud with a big beamer of a smile on my face… A fabulous, fun-filled, gentle read which will make you laugh.’ The Writing Garnet   ‘Entertaining… perfect for a relaxing time on the sofa, with lots of LOL moments.’ Simona’s Corner of Dreams