Are you rich yet? Hundreds of billions of dollars change hands in the stock market on a daily basis. With this huge amount of money moving around daily, the average investor never becomes rich in the stock market. Why is this?Average investors do not become rich because they do not know how to apply psychology and business acumen to investment decisions. Instead they attempt to mimic the behaviors of successful investors such as Warren Buffett, George Soros, and Carl Icahn in a desperate bid to achieve half their success. Millions of investors mimic these strategies and still do not become rich.This fact applies universally – even the most successful psychologists, corporate executives, statisticians, and finance professors cannot seem to leverage their knowledge to succeed in the market.Does this mean that it is impossible to become rich in the stock market? Of course not; it is very possible to become rich in the market. The distinguishing difference between the average investor and the successful investor is a history of consistent, insightful trading.Becoming better than the average investor means seeking out knowledge that the average investor does not have. Nearly all investment books are devoid of this prized knowledge – which is why the average investor, reading the average investment book, never acquires sufficient insight to succeed in the market.“The Stock Market Outsider: Becoming a Billionaire” ventures into a realm beyond that of the average investment book. It provides an interesting, practical approach to succeeding in the market using psychology and business acumen to drive investment decisions. The book focuses on the core principle of stock market success – investing in businesses that are most likely to increase in value and understanding when to enter and exit positions. It disregards the unnecessarily complex and risky trading strategies that many traders use to their own doom – strategies that are closer to gambling than true investing.The author, Philip Fanara, is a Certified Internal Auditor with a career broadly spanning over multiple business areas. He is an avid data miner, possessing over 10 years of investment experience, an M.B.A. from Louisiana State University, and is certified in Risk Management Assurance. "The Stock Market Outsider: Becoming a Billionaire" is the culmination of his years of experience, education, and research on business and investments. The strategy detailed throughout the book was developed after devoting a year to intensely analyzing market data, psychology, and his past trading successes and failures.