Stephen walked into the office which Barnabas was using as his judge's chamber. While the massive amount of data Bethany Anne’s team was throwing at him was more than enough to assuage his curiosity, he had never felt this way in the last one hundred and fifty-two years.  He wanted a vacation.  He pulled the top manila-folder and took a look at the name, “Clarissa Bernier, CEO.” He opened the folder, and it was now in the agreed upon fashion. There was one page with her typical information of name, age, location, and a two paragraph background and the requested punishment. It was a type of joke now between Barnabas and Bethany Anne. No matter the requested punishment, she would strike it out and write “DEATH” and put a happy face on, with fangs.  It let him know that she was not letting up on her desire to make a lot of people pay for Michael’s death.  The team had already executed six individuals across the world in the last three months. Sean Truitt was just the first one.  Stephen interrupted him, “You look tired,” he spoke as he took a seat in one of the two blue chairs facing Barnabas’s desk.  Barnabas leaned back, keeping the folder open, “Is she serious?” He pointed to the document, “Even ADAM, using our agreed punishment matrix is calling for this lady to be punished financially.” He closed the folder, “She walks the line towards Michael all the time, brother...”  To be continued ...  **Please note, as mentioned in a review, there is flagrantly foul language in these novels. The main character does not have a problem with cussing, just uninspired cussing.  Series includes:  Death Becomes Her - The Kurtherian Gambit 01 Queen Bitch - The Kurtherian Gambit 02 Love Lost - The Kurtherian Gambit 03 Bite This - The Kurtherian Gambit 04 Never Forsaken - The Kurtherian Gambit 05 Under My Heel - The Kurtherian Gambit 06 Kneel or Die - The Kurtherian Gambit 07 We Will Build - The Kurtherian Gambit 08 It's Hell To Choose - The Kurtherian Gambit 09 Release The Dogs of War - The Kurtherian Gambit 10   Short Stories Tied in to the Main Series include:  You Don't Mess with John's Cousin - Frank Kurns Stories of the UnknownWorld 01 Bitch's Night Out - Frank Kurns Stories of the UnknownWorld 02