A heartwarming festive tale of redemption and cheer, The Christmas Hirelings is the story of a lonely widower who reluctantly invites a group of children to his manor for Christmas. It showcases the benefits of opening your doors and hearts during the holiday season. About the BookFirst published in 1893, The Christmas Hirelings is a delightful short tale of compassion and redemption. With his sole surviving daughter Sybil estranged, and his wife passed away, there is a deficit of Christmas cheer in the near-vacant country mansion of Sir John Penlyon. In an attempt to improve the festive mood, Sir John's good friend Mr Danby suggests that three children be 'hired' over the Christmas period in the hope of brightening the mood. After overcoming his initial reluctance, Sir John soon opens the doors of Penlyon Castle to Lassie, Laddie and little Moppet. Their arrival does more than signal the coming of Christmas however, as Sir John finds himself re-evaluating his past actions. About the AuthorMary Elizabeth Braddon was a popular English author who earned success in the Victorian era with her sensation novels. Born in London in 1835, she was raised by her mother Fanny after her parents' separation. She began working as an actress as a teenager, but after eight years, and with declining popularity and waning interest, she instead turned to writing. Her prolific output resulted in over 80 novels, 150 short stories, as well as plays and articles. Braddon is best known for her novel Lady Audley's Secret, which combined elements of the detective novel, the psychological thriller and the romantic comedy to become one of the most successful novels of the 19th century.About the NarratorJennifer Saunders is a national comedy icon and a much loved TV star. She has a host of awards to her name including five BAFTA Awards, two International Emmy Awards and four British Comedy Awards, to name a few. She is most well known for her French and Saunders comedy duo, Absolutely Fabulous and her work with Comic Relief. Jennifer's voice credits include Shrek 2, Minions, Stick Man, Sing and Moominvalley.