Described as “Sex and the City” meets HBO’s “Looking”, The Home For Wayward Ladies follows Eli, Hunter and Nick, fresh out of Mackinaw Conservatory’s School of Theater and newly relocated to Manhattan’s Upper-Upper West Side. Amid bitchy brunches and failed one-night stands, these friends - as promising as they are promiscuous - are on a quest to have their voices heard over the roar of city. When they get a chance to work in summer stock production, this “family” is forced to find out the hard way what it takes to become the ultimate anything: a somebody. Day jobs pay bills and hand jobs stroke the ego, but handling betrayal with grace is the best way to prove who is a true Lady."The Home for Wayward Ladies isn’t just funny. It’s laugh-out-loud, read-out-loud-to-your-friends, snort-a-cocktail-out-your-nose, lose-bladder-control kind of funny. A gem of a debut in the effervescent tradition of P.G. Wodehouse, Patrick Dennis and Armistead Maupin" says bestselling author Marc Acito, (How I Paid for College)Iris Rainer Dart, best selling author of Beaches, concludes: “The Home for Wayward Ladies made me laugh out loud, but with a lump in my throat for those funny, warm, real and delightful characters. They're your brother, your son and your friend and it's a treat to hang out with them and hear their very honest and smart voices. I wanted to adopt them all.”Author Jeremy Scott Blaustein is a Drama Desk and Outer Critics Circle Award nominated producer. He's worked on numerous Broadway shows including The Merchant of Venice (with Al Pacino), A Life in the Theatre (with Patrick Stewart), HAIR (Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, Drama League Award, Grammy Award), Blithe Spirit (with Angela Lansbury), You’re Welcome America (with Will Ferrell), and August: Osage County (Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, Drama League Award, New York Drama Critics Circle Award, Outer Critics Circle Award, Pulitzer Prize). He received his BFA from Shenandoah University. The Home for Wayward Ladies is his first novel.