Breaking Bad showrunner Vince Gilligan wants to believe that heaven exists, but he "can't not" believe there's a hell.Throughout this fascinating show depicting the shocking life and tragic times of Walter White, Gilligan offers his singular glimpse into a morally amoral universe, a place not unlike the world we live in. The series seeks to answer the question, "In a seeming world of chaos, can justice ultimately prevail?"The Gospel According to Breaking Bad takes a thoroughly Christian look at AMC's popular and critical TV hit.Covering such weighty theological issues like identity, death, justice, power, fate, free will, and the gospel itself, readers will be coerced into thinking more deeply about the universal questions Breaking Bad asks. In sections covering the colors and metaphors of Breaking Bad, fans will also come to a further appreciation for one of the most well-done TV series in recent history.More than just an entertaining RV ride through the Albuquerque desert, Breaking Bad presents two unique characters, Walter White and Jesse Pinkman, each on notably different trajectories in their lives. Will either be redeemed by series' end? Or will Walter have gone full Heisenberg by the series' conclusion, unable to extricate himself from the precarious and devastating position in which his own arrogant actions have placed him? Conversely, will Jesse "break good," a manipulated witness to Walter's nefarious actions who finally asserts himself and prevents Walter from further harming Walter's own family? These are but a few questions considered in light of the show's possible ending.With a planned update to the book after the end of Breaking Bad, The Gospel According to Breaking Bad seeks to tell the old, old story through one of the most visceral and alluring stories of the present. As author Madeline L'Engle wrote, "Maybe you have to know the darkness before you can appreciate the light."10% of the proceeds of this ebook will be donated to the Oak Ridge Disciple House, "a non-profit, faith-based, Christian character-building ministry geared towards reaching men who are broken from drug and alcohol addictions."ENDORSEMENTS"As a fan of Breaking Bad, and as a student of religion and popular culture, it's now clear to me that I haven't been paying close enough attention to the series' moral and spiritual dimensions. Thanks to The Gospel According to Breaking Bad, I won't make that mistake again." - Mark I. Pinsky, The Gospel According to The Simpsons "Blake Atwood is one of the most thoughtful Christians you'll meet. He's always dreaming up new ideas and projects. In The Gospel According to Breaking Bad, Blake applies his mind to yet another endeavor by taking a unique look at the spiritual elements of this popular television show. You've likely never read anything quite like it." - Jonathan Merritt, Jesus is Better Than You Imagined, Sr. Columnist for Religion News Service "By putting Walter White and company under the microscope, Atwood brings the elemental structure of the human soul into magnified clarity. Who knew a world of drug kingpins, pathological liars and narcissistic grandiosity could be so ripe with moral meaning? Examining Vince Gilligan's post-modern tale of pilgrim's regress through a gospel lens enables Atwood to offer up a redemptive future for all of us who live east of Eden. This is a must-read guide for all Breaking Bad fans who want to savor the final season as it unfolds. - Brad Russell, Sr. Editor at FaithVillage.com "In The Gospel According to Breaking Bad, Blake Atwood brings a fan's passion, a critic's analysis and a Christian's perspective to bear on the most provocative television program in recent memory. If you find the show intriguing, perplexing or just plain compelling, you'll want to read this book. Spoiler alert: You'll find yourself in these pages." - Marv Knox, Publisher of The Baptist Standard