On the beautiful French coast lies the Café Belle Vie, a peaceful haven offering a warm welcome and delicious pains au chocolat – and where Natalie’s quiet life is about to be turned upside down…  When thirty-one-year-old Natalie Bright’s boyfriend dumps her and immediately gets engaged to his ex-girlfriend, she escapes her heartbreak and moves to the charming village of Chamillon on the Île de Ré.  She’s determined to build a new life there: writing about farmer’s markets for a local magazine, exploring the local vineyards on her bike, and taking advantage of the sunshine. And in the Café Belle Vie she finds a bustling community – including new best friend Charlie – and a near-constant supply of cakes.  All in all, things are looking pretty good.  So when a blast from the past – her teenage crush Jay Merino – suddenly turns up in Chamillon, Natalie’s thrown. She’s sworn off men ever since she moved to France, but she and Jay have a connection that stretches back years.  But could taking a chance on an old flame complete her new life – or ruin everything she’s worked so hard for?  A gorgeous rom com full of sunshine, croissants and sparkling romance! Perfect for fans of Debbie Johnson, Zara Stoneley and Debbie Macomber.  What readers are saying about Karen Clarke:  ‘Had me in hysterics!… Kept me thoroughly entertained from start to finish… Fun, lighthearted and addictive.’ The Writing Garnet  ‘Has you hooked from the beginning… Full of friendship and romance… So heart-warming… You just want to be curled up in front of the fire when you read it.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘Had me properly laughing… A light-hearted, fun, easy-to-read story that will have you giggling.’ Rachel’s Random Reads  ‘Karen Clarke has such a knack for writing hilariously funny one-liners. I have lost track whilst reading this how many times I’ve laughed out loud… Five Stars!’ Stardust Book Reviews  ‘A fun and heart-warming read that had me feeling all toasty inside… Karen Clarke has become one of my must-read authors and is one I can rely on to cheer me up and chase those bad old blues away.’ By the Letter Book Reviews  ‘This book had me laughing from page one. The story was light, funny, warming and LOL all the way through. I cannot recommend this book enough.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘Totally amazing… So heart-warming while funny as well. Full of families, beautiful seaside countryside and romance… An excellent book from the first page, has you hooked and so well written. I highly recommend reading this.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘Fabulous… With every book I read of Karen Clarke's she is becoming a firm favourite of mine. The setting of Seashell Cove sounded divine and I would have loved to visit for myself.