Young Blackburn  I have been head-over-heels in lust with one of my closest friend's dad since the very first time I met him. But how could I not? He's strong and beautiful and so, so commanding. His every statement is like a dare to the rebel inside me. But, he's Larrin's dad. Though he looks not a day over twenty-five, he's actually over four hundred years old. If the man were looking for a relationship, he'd be in one, right? And a twenty-year-old who regularly sends drunk/high texts, plays endless amounts of pranks on the people he holds near and dear, and weighs every bad decision on whether or not he can survive the punishment after is definitely not going to be his first choice. Right? But when Larrin is hurt and Shaw comes to stay on Terra Mortis to sooth his fatherly worries, I can't seem to keep myself away. And I'm starting to get the impression he might not want me to.  Shaw Brenner  How the hell am I supposed to ignore the temptation that is Young Blackburn? I should be annoyed by the drunk texting and constant innuendo from the young vampire, but all I can do is find it is oddly endearing and distractingly sexy. When another student loses their life because of the strange neon pills circulating the island, it's suddenly very important that Young is careful who he feeds from. And then there is the small matter of the fairy who is addicted to blood-letting stalking and attacking him in hopes of locking him up and using his hunger and need to feed as a drug. One kiss, unexpected and amazing, tells me Young is my mate, but in order to keep him, I'm going to have to fight a fairy, Young's rebellious streak, and possibly the sensibilities of my own son. I will though. Happily. Because now that I know Young is mine, I'm not letting him go.  Warning: Mpreg elements! (Though the MCs in this book aren't and cannot get pregnant, this is a spin-off series from my Chosen series. Occasional Mpreg characters might have cameos. You've been warned!)  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::  