(Re-release of 2012 Novel - Contains previously deleted scenes) She spent her entire life fighting death. Now she’s falling in love with him… Audra Grayson became a nurse in order to help save lives. But one night after a brutal beating, she almost loses her own. The near-death experience opens a door between the world of the living and the world beyond. Two Grim Reapers invade her life. One is charming, with the angelic blonde looks of a saint and the black soul of a psychopath. The other is dark, dangerously attractive and, in spite of her distaste for his reaper duties, she finds herself inexplicably drawn to him. When Audra's patients begin to die unexpectedly and her loved ones are threatened, she will risk her life—even her soul—to save them. But can she risk her heart to an inhuman being whose very purpose is to take those she is trying to save? *** Warning: Explicit language, sexual content, and graphic violence *** “Alicia Dean sucks you in from the very first page and holds tight with characters who are flawed and fascinating. Readers will reap an all-encompassing emotional experience in this fast-paced, emotionally charged, paranormal tale. With a hero who wasn’t always heroic, a villain whose twisted journey has made him truly terrifying, and a passionate heroine willing to sacrifice everything for those she loves, Ms. Dean has built a world where life and death hang in the balance—with choices and consequences that truly matter. This one’s a keeper.” —Bestselling author Robin Perini “A spellbinding tale of dark designs, passion, and heart-rending love.” —Claire Ashgrove, author of Immortal Hope “From a cold knot of fear to the flash of hot passion, Alicia Dean evokes every emotion in this supernatural suspense—the tale of a battle between good and evil and the woman caught in the middle.Soul Seducer is an electrifying and satisfying read.” —Silver James, author of Faerie Fate, Faerie Fire, and the upcoming Faerie Fool“Dark and steamy" Soul Seducer seduces you from the first page.” —Denise Grover Swank, bestselling author of The Chosen series “Alicia Dean serves up a steamy concoction of supernatural with a peek on the other side of Death. Her Reapers are an exotic breed of alpha male that create their own brand of dark and delicious.” —Mel Odom, multipublished award-winning author of The Rogue and The Forgotten Realm series “Innovative and sexy. . . Alicia Dean has hit it out of the park with Soul Seducer!” —TL Schaefer, award-winning author of Behind Blue Eyes