The West Country town of Abbeyford is celebrating its annual pagan festival, when the festivities are interrupted by the discovery of a very decomposed body. Soon, several other bodies are discovered but is it a question of foul play or are these deaths from natural causes?  It’s a puzzle that Detective Sergeant Kate Redman and the team could do without, caught up as they are in investigating an unusual series of robberies. Newly single again, Kate also has to cope with her upcoming Inspector exams and a startling announcement from her friend and colleague DI Mark Olbeck…  When a robbery goes horribly wrong, Kate begins to realise that the two cases might be linked. She must use all her experience and intelligence to solve a serious of truly baffling crimes which bring her up against an old adversary from her past…  Chimera is the fifth book in the bestselling series The Kate Redman Mysteries by crime writer Celina Grace, author of Hushabye, Imago and Snarl.  Praise for The Kate Redman Mysteries from Amazon and Goodreads reviewers:  “One of the best I have read this year. I read about a fourth of the book early in the day, then at bedtime, I thought I would read a bit more before sleep. I finished the book at 5:20 AM. Just could not put it down.”  “…a gripping detective story but the main character engages you, and as well as wanting to know how the mystery turns out you want to learn more about her too.”  “…amazing book, read it front to back in one visit, couldn`t help myself…”  “…the most enjoyable Kindle book I have so far read since the 'low cost electronic revolution' which has been sweeping my reading habits for the last couple of years! Thoroughly recommended.”  “This was my introduction to the author, and I'm so glad I discovered the book. Well-written and a real page turner.”  “I was awake till the early hours to finish it !! I really enjoyed it and the characters in it so I'm pleased I also have the sequel downloaded to read at some point. I know it should be great.”  “Attention to detail and great character building coupled with a mystery that keeps you guessing are all the ingredients that make me keep reading till the early hours of the morning.”  "Celina Grace has done it again, she compels you from page to page and chapter to chapter, a great, riveting read..."  "I found it difficult to put down and was completely distracted from all the other things I should have been doing with my time."  "This is a great series that I couldn't put down and grabbed the next book right away at 1 a.m. to keep reading." 