Economic crisis was just a cover-up for a meticulously planned world division. By 2032, the world was unrecognizable: three types of countries were established according to their level of education, economy, technological achievements, capabilities, and innovations. Names of the countries were replaced by corresponding numbers––first ten were rich, eleven to thirty advanced, and the rest were poor.Twenty-seven year old Stella lived in Country 189 that was proclaimed as a country of lazy, stupid, and arrogant people. Not being any of that, and in the midst of raging unemployment and poverty, she saw her chance to survive by working on a conveyor belt for her country's new owner––the Global REN Company. Unfortunately, her fellow countrymen were true examples of her country's status, so when they found out that androids were top executives in Global REN, all hell broke loose, slowly paving the way for a world war. A decision to help the CEO, Chris Nicholson, when no-one would, gave her an opportunity to work as his assistant, and to experience the world on the other side of the barrier––the world she would have never seen as the poor country citizen. Emotionally and in business, their lives entangled, taking them in a completely unexpected direction.Stella found love and happiness. Chris was everything she ever wanted in a man, and he loved her dearly. But life sometimes plays morbid games…What was supposed to be a fairy-tale ending, now was a nightmare.The war took her everything, especially a reason to live. Coping with grief and anger, barely staying alive, life once again plays a morbid game.To save her brother, she is forced to accept help from an enemy––arrogant and overconfident James from Country 90. But life has one more game to play with Stella. This time it may not be so cruel…Placed in a dystopian hell, with constant suspense, eased by tender love, and embittered by terrible losses; this book will take you on a journey of human barriers.Watch the book trailer - video