Reid Wilson  Living with a large group of people is really starting to grow on me, especially since before I was kidnapped, I was feeling more and more alone every day. My days used to be an endless cycle of passive aggressive comments about my size and appearance, disguised as constructive criticism from someone who "just didn't want me to feel out of place" in his world. I may like to workout, but I also like to eat. Now, living on leap land with people who seem to like me just fine at my size, I'm more content than I've ever been. There might me nights I wish I had someone to hold me the way many of my friend's mates hold them, but getting into another relationship and having to deal with the same kind of treatment as before would more lonely than sleeping alone at night. Trust me, I've been there. And someone as physically perfect as Sloan Richardson couldn't possibly have any more patience with my eating habits than my ex had been, can he?  Sloan Richarson  Reid Wilson is perfect…and kinda a d*ck. When he's not all out laughing in my face at the suggestion of a date, he is thoroughly ignoring the fuu…dge out of me. Having a conversation with him that doesn't end in me wanting to both curl in a ball and cry myself to sleep and stab something repeatedly, is an absolute miracle and possibly not even a thing. But I have every intention of wearing him down because he's my mate and he belongs with me. And I'll do everything I can to do it. Even run directly into the line of fire from a hitman's gun, or avoid the slice of the knife Reid's always carrying around, covered in blood, paint and pumpkin guts.  Warning: Mpreg elements!  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses:: 