With a mysterious black Chinaman, Doc Savage and his amazing crew journey to the jungles of Indo-China in a desperate gamble to destroy the infamous Thousand-headed Man.A strange individual, this Doc Savage. Probably one of the most remarkable of living men. A genius, a mental marvel a giant of fabulous physical strength. He was literally a product of science himself, for he had been trained from birth for one single purpose in life- the fantastic career which he now followed. Every trick of science had been utilized in his training. In no sense had he led a life that might be regarded as normal. Two hours of each day since childhood had been devoted to a routine of intense exercises calculated to develop not only muscles, but physical senses and mental sharpness. All of his early life had been devoted to study under masters of trades, sciences, professions, until he possessed a knowledge that was, to the ordinary man, uncanny.The result of this studied upbringing was an individual who was a remarkable combination of scientific genius and physical capacity. Stranger than even the man himself was the career to which his life was dedicated- the business of helping others out of trouble, of aiding the oppressed, of dealing with those evildoers who seemed beyond the touch of the law. For all of which Doc Savage made it an unbending rule to accept no payment in money, under any circumstances.Long ago, Doc Savage had assembled five men as his assistants, five men who were world-famed specialists in their respective lines. A desire for excitement and adventure, and a profound admiration for the astounding bronze man who was their chief, held the little group together. Some men crave money, others works of art, and some go in for society - these five specialized in trouble. There was plenty of that around Doc; his path was always that of peril, danger and thrilling adventure!Doc's character and world-view is displayed in his oath, which goes as follows:“	Let me strive every moment of my life to make myself better and better, to the best of my ability, that all may profit by it. Let me think of the right and lend all my assistance to those who need it, with no regard for anything but justice. Let me take what comes with a smile, without loss of courage. Let me be considerate of my country, of my fellow citizens and my associates in everything I say and do. Let me do right to all, and wrong no man.	