From author Katie Reus, books 4-6 (full length novels) in her Darkness series are combined into one boxed set. This collection includes:  Hunted by Darkness  They’re from two different worlds… he wasn’t supposed to fall for her. When Bo and Nyx are thrown into a hell realm together, they must band together to survive. No matter who was behind the attack, Bo’s choice is clear. Defend Nyx at all cost and make her his forever.  Into the Darkness One book. Two stories—and two happily ever afters.  Rhea is a warrior. She’s bled and fought for the Stavros wolf pack for over a hundred years. When her past comes back to haunt her, she finds herself working side by side with the Alpha of a dragon clan. But she’ll never risk getting someone she cares for killed. Not again. Too bad he’s playing for keeps. Conall has been biding his time claiming his future mate. But she’s determined to keep walls between them. It’s a good thing he’s a dragon. He’ll just burn down every last barrier and claim what’s his.  * * *  A year ago Liberty had no idea that things that go bump in the night actually existed. Saved from a Hell realm, she finds herself falling for her sexy rescuer Rory more and more every day. But she’s worried she’s too broken to ever have a relationship again. Half-wolf, half-demon Rory has been looking out for Liberty ever since rescuing her. He’s not sure what it’s going to take to move from friend to more, but he’s willing to wait forever. Because Liberty is worth fighting for.  Saved by Darkness  Hybrid demon/dragon shifter Ian McCabe is hellbent on getting back the only woman he's ever loved. When Fiona O'Riley kicked him out of her life decades ago, he thought she was gone for good. Now she's back and nothing will stop him from claiming her. But there’s so much more on the line. As their undeniable desire intensifies, they're faced with an unbearable choice. If Fiona and Ian succumb to their temptation, mating could be the last thing they ever do.  Length: 218,000 words Author note: Each of these titles can be bought individually or part of this box set.