FLIGHT contains ASYLUM!, The Attenborough Alternative, The Fog and Yule Pause and Frosty Clause. It is "Season One" of the The Owl Wood series.FLIGHT will transport you to an insane world of elderly, talking, pole-dancing dogs, intelligent pheasant, screaming sheep and cute mendicant monk rats with little rat-tonsures and sandals. A verbose world, a delicious world with absolutely no sub-plot, no meaning and dashed little in the way of d’etre raisins. This book should be eaten as one might eat a large bag of sweets, and with similar expectations of eventually needing a dentist to attend to the cavities your mind.The Owl Wood is a real, if somewhat tiny patch of English woodland set aside specifically for the use of nesting English owls. For five years in a row now no owl has deigned to take up residence. Oh, they fly through and we hear them at night but do they settle down and breed? Not a bit of it. Consequently, there are very few owls in this book, and if you ask me - it serves them right. When they do nest, then I’ll write about them. Until then we’ll stick to the most unlikely wildlife of all.There’s a wheezy badger with the transplanted lungs of a sparrow, an all-pheasant pub quiz team and a dog that, but for her flatulence problems, would be able to successfully disguise herself as a eucalyptus tree by standing on one leg and freezing. There are three rather philosophically-minded hens, one of whom is the local Police Constable and has replacement steel buttocks and a Taser. Elvis and Amelia Earhart re-appear (quite separately; there’s been nothing untoward going on) and there’s a right royal punch-up when Santa d'Claus croaks, assumes ambient temperature, puts on a wooden overcoat and Christmas is summarily cancelled. It’s all splendid blathering nonsense such as one might read as a bed-time story to one’s pet dog or read while waiting for the cistern to refill in the smallest room in the house.FLIGHT is four separate short stories, some 55,000 words in total, and is the Season One of, naturally, four such seasons. Springtime arrives in the next volume, and everyone goes a bit Pagan and back to nature. We all go back to nature eventually, even if only via the crematorium flue. It's being so cheerful that keeps the author going.