Discover the book that has been described as Bret Easton Ellis meets Banksy. Discontents: The Disappearance of a Young Radical is the gripping mystery of the 2011 disappearance of Emory Walden, the notorious graffiti artist and evasive dissident who was famously hunted by authorities.So harness your outrage, rev up your suspicions, and throw out what you thought you knew about 21st century political unrest."Witty and unsettling, this book takes you on quite the ride.” - review"Captivating book that will keep the reader constantly wondering what will happen next. Loved it!.” - review"A roller-coaster, counterculture read that keeps the excitement flowing.” - reviewSynopsisFame as a social activist and graffiti artist brings Emory, a jobless millennial, the wrong kind of attention. He’s wanted by the police. And he’s tricked his beautiful but emotionally-fragile girlfriend, Carolyn, into thinking he’s just a normal guy. When Emory meets Fletcher, a rich baby boomer, he and Fletcher embark on a plan to cause mayhem. But soon, Emory suspects someone is trying to destroy him, Fletcher, and their plan. Unsure of who to trust, can Emory betray his ideals to save himself? And can he pull it off while keeping Carolyn in the dark?A cult classic, Discontents is a psychological mind-bender (e.g., Chuck Pahalinuik, Bret Easton Ellis) mixed with the rebellion of Saul Alinksy’s Rules for Radicals and Naomi Klein’s No Logo. It is like Rage Against The Machine for your eyes. BackstoryJanuary 2011 was the last time anyone has seen Emory Walden, one of the most notorious political dissidents and graffiti artists hunted by authorities throughout the District of Columbia. Why?That's the question Emory Walden set out to answer for the public when he contacted a former friend, James Wallace Birch, with a big request: publish my memoir.This book is Emory’s version of events. It puts to rest the speculation surrounding his disappearance. In it, we see a rare account of a man struggling against amnesia to uncover the nebulous forces that sought to bring him down.