TEFL Teach and Travel: How to travel the world, and make the most money living abroad, legally This is a “how to” book designed for people who want to leave their dead end job, make a productive lifestyle change to be geographically flexible, and most important to help make the difficult decision to get certified to Teach English as a Foreign Language. To live, work and play in another country earning a tax free income is a memorable, often magical experience, and most certainly there are millions of ‘jobs’ available in just about every country on the planet. But what new job, new experience, new country and culture is right for you? It is all in the contract. How to negotiate the best contracts, in the best countries, at the best educational institutions is a substantial part of this book. Sure, I will share with you the best places to find the right job. I say right job, because every job poster, and recruiter is looking for you, and while they might just offer you a job on the spot after seeing your CV (resume) and picture, and verifying you were born in and a citizen of a native English speaking country, and you hold your TEFL diploma… You have to be educated enough to think, “Is this job, this school, this contract, this pay rate and benefits, these holidays, even if this community is the right choice for you.” This is not a backpacking guide, this is a book designed how to create a career you never knew was so rewarding, or supplement your income as you pay off debt. No matter what the outcome is after reading this book, you will be well aware of the opportunity on how to change your lifestyle and discover a new career that creates an opportunity to be geographically flexible. If you want to visit some, or many different geographic locations around the globe, and can’t afford to be a tourist, then this book is for you. Don’t holiday in a foreign country, move there, live there, work there, play there. Immerse yourself in a foreign culture. Thank you for reading. Look forward to upcoming publications regarding teaching multiple intelligences, travel adventures and teaching games to make learning interactive, entertaining and memorable.