The New York Times Bestselling Series The Ex Games has now been released in a box set. Get all three books together now!  Book 1 Handsome billionaire, Brandon Hastings was Katie Raymond's first love. They had a whirlwind romance that captivated her heart and took her on a sexual journey she never wanted to end. Their future together looked bright until Brandon found out that Katie was keeping a huge secret from him. Once he realized the truth, he broke her heart and she never saw him again. Seven years later, Katie has finally moved on and accepts the position of her dreams at Marathon Corporation as an executive manager. The only problem is, Brandon Hastings bought the business a month after she started working there. Now Katie has to fly to San Francisco to attend a company-wide orientation and she is scared that Brandon is going to fire her on sight. Little does she know that Brandon has lot more planned for her and this time he's the one keeping a secret.  Book 2 Seven years ago, Brandon Hastings and Katie Raymond had a relationship that other couples envied. They loved each other more than anything, but one lie ruined their relationship forever.  Now, Brandon is the CEO of the company that Katie works for and she is finding it hard to be around him without wanting to touch him and be touched by him. Katie gives in to one moment of weakness with Brandon, and he reveals a secret that breaks her heart once again.  Katie is determined that she will not let Brandon break her again and they go back in forth in a mouse and cat game that has them both wondering what's really going on. Just when Katie thinks she can take no more, one more secret is revealed that will make her question everything she ever thought she knew about Brandon Hastings.  Book 3 What other secret is Brandon hiding?  Seven years ago, Katie Raymond made a mistake that cost her the love of her life. Now, Brandon Hastings is back in her life and it seems like he is determined to make her pay for her previous mistakes.  When Katie overhears a private conversation, she has no idea just how deep the secrets go. She gives, Brandon one last chance to prove his love to her, but when he violates her trust one last time, she doesn't think she can ever forgive him.  But then, Brandon tells her the one thing that is guaranteed to turn her world upside down and she's not sure if her life will ever be the same again.  This book is recommended for 17+ due to mature language and adult situations.