It has been proven that one of the most effective ways to learn and retain information is to do so while being entertained. Thus, the goal of this book...to improve the reader's grasp and usage of the English language while evoking smiles, smirks, even raised and furrowed brows. It is quite simply a fun, informative read.Let's call this written exercise a 'Flexicon'...a flexing of our American English lexicon. Lexicon: American Style II is a further examination and celebration of our Americanized version of the Kings English. The first half of the book is a breakdown of how we commonly use our words, phrases and names to communicate in these United States.In addition, Lexicon II is also a collection of humorous American lifestyle observations. The second half of the book labeled, 'Observations From the Carpool Lane' features a wide-ranging group of essays regarding the common, sometimes mystifying, experiences most of us share as modern day American citizens. These examinations and observations are brought to page by author Patrick Ragains, a middle-aged 'word nerd' advertising veteran from the Midwest, who's wry wit and literal interpretation of our language makes for humorous, insightful reading.In addition to pure entertainment, Ragains' goal in this book is to expand and enrich his reader's vocabulary and understanding of our language. He flies in the face of current communication trends which, because of technology and linguistic laziness, are reducing our written and verbal interchanges to a number of acronyms, emojis and drab, over-used one syllable words.The introduction of Lexicon II also pays high tribute to Noah Webster, Jr., the foremost lexicographer in our history. A man who, although he never gained true notoriety as one of our nation's 'founding fathers', is every bit deserving of that distinction. A man whose nationalistic accomplishments and visionary concepts effect almost each and every American on a daily basis.Not to be over looked, is the adult, profane section towards the end of book that is heavily marked with a warning for sensitive, highly religious and under age readers. This section entitled, 'Down to Nitty Gritty and Shitty' is also featured in the writer's first book as part of his tribute to the late legendary comic George Carlin. Although quite bawdy and even disgusting at points, this section is possibly the most creative and thought provoking in the book.In the final section of the book, Ragains attempts in impart some of his accrued wisdom on aging, being at peace with one's self, becoming an author, the afterlife bottom lines and finally, some important words to live by.Where the first Lexicon: American Style leaves off, Lexicon II picks up and blazes new articulated investigations into our American way of communicating. Sophomore author Ragains hits all the areas of our English language missed in his first book, and more...literally, from A to Z... from Acronyms to Zombies. Lexicon: American Style II features 81 provocative, mind-tweaking chapters to jump start the reader's imagination and titillate their Yankee Doodle fancy!