You never know how Christmas will turn out! Festive and fun, or dreary and dull? While the holidays are magical for some, they are somber for others. Christmas, Actually is a holiday collection that runs the gamut of seasonal emotions: humor, hope, joy, confusion, excitement.  Curl up next to the fire, and laugh, cry and dream along with the characters in this collection of holiday tales. Christmas past, Christmas present, and Christmas future... All play a part in Christmas, Actually.   A Christmas collection full of Christmas humor, Christmas spirit, and even a little Christmas romance  If you're looking for a great read this holiday season, don't miss Christmas, Actually! The six stories in this holiday collection take you on an adventure full of Christmas cheer. And it makes the perfect Christmas gift!   Interview with the Editors  Q: There are a lot of Christmas stories out there. Why read this collection in particular? A: The answer is in the question! This book is a Christmas collection, with no two stories about the holiday season alike. You'll find Christmas humor and Christmas romance. Christmas spirit and Christmas cheer. Noticing a theme? One thing's for sure, it's a must-have this Christmas season!  Q: What types of stories will we find in this Christmas collection? A: The stories are grouped into Christmas past, Christmas present, and Christmas future. Spanning a variety of genres (humor, memoir, fiction, dystopia), you're sure to find something you like?  Q: Can you share a little bit about each contributor to this anthology? A: Of course!  Aimee Horton ("Survival of the Christmas Spirit") is the author of the Survival Series, a collection of humorous novels about Dottie Harris, a mother of two energetic kids who loves her gin.  Katie Rose Guest Pryal ("Nice Wheels") is the author of Entanglement and its novella prequel Love and Entropy. She is a lawyer, freelance journalist and author.  Cheryl McAlister ("Noëlle") has been published in several anthologies, including That's Paris: An Anthology of Life, Love and Sarcasm in the City of Light, also published by Velvet Morning Press. She loves travel and escaping to France whenever she can.  Didier Quémener ("Chris Aftermaths") is a chef, foodie, father and writer. He lives in Paris where he eats fresh bread every day, rain or shine.  Laura Schalk ("Joyful Noise") writes in stolen moments throughout the year and has also been published in That's Paris: An Anthology of Life, Love and Sarcasm in the City of Light.  Vicki Lesage ("All I Want For Christmas Is My Two Front Teeth") is the author of the Paris Confessions series, a collection of humorous memoirs where she recounts the ups and downs of her life in the City of Light.  Q: What's the key to a great Christmas story? A: The key to a great Christmas story is the same as the key to any great story—make the reader feel something. Whether it's the joy of the season or the strong emotions that come out this time of year, a Christmas story needs to draw the reader in and make them feel like it's Christmastime, no matter where they are or what time of year it is when they're reading it.   Categories for Christmas, Actually  Short Story Collection Holiday Fiction Christmas Fiction Christmas Travel Christmas Romance Colle