13 hours, 37 minutesNew York Times bestselling author J. Kenner kicks off a smoking hot, emotionally compelling new trilogy that returns to the world of her beloved Stark novels: Release Me, Claim Me, and Complete Me. Say My Name features Jackson Steele, a strong-willed man who goes after what he wants, and Sylvia Brooks, a disciplined woman who’s hard to get—and exactly who Jackson needs.  
  I never let anyone get too close—but he’s the only man who’s ever made me feel alive.
  Meeting Jackson Steele was a shock to my senses. Confident and commanding, he could take charge of any room . . . or any woman. And Jackson wanted me. The mere sight of him took my breath away, and his touch made me break all my rules.      Our bond was immediate, our passion untamed. I wanted to surrender completely to his kiss, but I couldn’t risk his knowing the truth about my past. Yet Jackson carried secrets too, and in our desire we found our escape, pushing our boundaries as far as they could go.    Learning to trust is never easy. In my mind, I knew I should run. But in my heart, I never felt a fire this strong—and it could either save me or scorch me forever.  Say My Name is intended for mature audiences.Praise for Say My Name
   
 “Readers who need more of Kenner’s racy, sizzling Stark novels will delight in this new series, set in the same decadent, lavish world. . . . Kenner has crafted a hero whose compassion is remarkable, and who is strong enough not only to apologize and to change, but to offer her the kind of love she wants and needs, as well. . . . Fans of dark, intense and emotionally scorching romances will surely adore this series opener.”—RT Book Reviews
   
 “J. Kenner returns to the world she established in her original Damien Stark erotic romance trilogy, only this time the heroine is Stark’s most trusted employee and her hero is the one man she’s loved enough to push away for his own good. . . . It’s a heady mix of love and intrigue, and Kenner continues to deliver a knockout experience that made me long for the next book even as I was more than satisfied with this story’s ending. To say more would give too much away, and I encourage everyone who loved the original Stark trilogy to read Say My Name to find out what’s there for themselves.”—The Romance Evangelist  “J. Kenner has given us one hell of a story with this start to the Stark International series. And if anyone can give Damien Stark a run for his money, it’s Jackson Steele.”—Cocktails and Books  “If you enjoyed the Stark novels, you are going to love Say My Name!”—Reading Keeps Me Sane  “J. Kenner’s best work to date. . . . The pull between these two is off the charts. They have this intense chemistry that pretty much makes their sexy times go through the roof! . . . It was great getting to see Nikki and Damien again. . . . Even though I know them from their series, they seem fresh. . . . J. Kenner knocked it out of the park with this one. Five-off-the-charts-hot-stars!”—About That Story  “J. Kenner never fails to provide a gripping and passionate story. Say My Name takes you to the edge and then pushes you over. Not that I was expecting anything less, but Jackson Steele is the perfect addition to the Stark series. . . . I cannot wait to see what unfolds next. . . . More Jackson! More please.”—Obsessed with MyshelfFrom the Trade Paperback edition.