Earn College Credit with REA's Test Prep for CLEP* Principles of Marketing Everything you need to pass the exam and get the college credit you deserve.CLEP* is the most popular credit-by-examination program in the country, accepted by more than 2,900 colleges and universities. For over 15 years, REA has helped students pass the CLEP* exam and earn college credit while reducing their tuition costs. Our CLEP* test preps are perfect for adults returning to college (or attending for the first time), military service members, high-school graduates looking to earn college credit, or home-schooled students with knowledge that can translate into college credit. There are many different ways to prepare for the CLEP* exam. What's best for you depends on how much time you have to study and how comfortable you are with the subject matter. Our test prep for CLEP* Principles of Marketing and the free online tools that come with it, will allow you to create a personalized CLEP* study plan that can be customized to fit you: your schedule, your learning style, and your current level of knowledge.Here's how it works:Diagnostic exam at the REA Study Center focuses your studyOur online diagnostic exam pinpoints your strengths and shows you exactly where you need to focus your study. Armed with this information, you can personalize your prep and review where you need it the most. Most complete subject review for CLEP* Principles of Marketing Our targeted review covers all the material you'll be expected to know for the exam and includes a glossary of must-know terms.Two full-length practice examsThe online REA Study Center gives you two full-length practice tests and the most powerful scoring analysis and diagnostic tools available today. Instant score reports help you zero in on the CLEP* Principles of Marketing topics that give you trouble now and show you how to arrive at the correct answer-so you'll be prepared on test day.REA is the acknowledged leader in CLEP* preparation, with the most extensive library of CLEP* titles available. Our test preps for CLEP* exams help you earn valuable college credit, save on tuition, and get a head start on your college degree. 