This is the 14th book in the Reed Security Series and the 2nd book of a 3 book arc. The arc books need to be read in order and it is suggested that the rest of the series is read in order as well.  Jackson Lewis saved Raegan Cartwright from a terrible situation and has been keeping her and her parents safe. Raegan knows she can trust the sexy man she's staying with, but her confidence has taken a beating. Still, she refuses to be the wilting flower that everyone expects of her. If only she could get Jackson to see that. He sees only what he wants to, sure that her refusal to talk about what happened as a sign she couldn't move on. But when all hell breaks loose at Reed Security, Raegan is pulled into one dangerous situation after another. When it is discovered that Raegan isn't just an innocent bystander but directly linked to Reed Security's current situation, she finds herself even more intertwined and is fully prepared to face her issues head-on. But this is more than just an abusive ex. This is something that involves innocent people and deadly consequences. But Reed Security is relying on her and she won't let them down.  “Do you want to tell me why you f*@king shot me?” “I didn’t…what? Where?” He pulled the ripped fabric away from his thigh where blood trickled sluggishly. “It doesn’t look that bad.” “It’s not, but why the f*@k were you shooting at me?” “Because I was trying to kill the bad guys,” I shouted. “Yeah, with your f*@king eyes closed! Who does that?” “I was scared!” “So, you close your eyes and hope for the best?” “It was a gut reaction. I didn’t mean to do it. It just happened!” “And did you mean to follow me and join in the action? Because you were supposed to stay right where you f*@king were while I took care of them.” “You didn’t say that,” I shouted incredulously. “You shoved a gun in my hand and ran away. I thought I was supposed to be your backup or something. Next time say something.” “There won’t be a next time. I’m not ever giving you a gun again!” “I’ll do better next time!” He scoffed. “Yeah, like you might keep your eyes open? Or you’ll try not to shoot me?” I scowled at him and stomped around the back of the truck and over to the passenger side of the truck, opening the door and hopping in. “What are you doing?” “We’re leaving, aren’t we?” “Not in that truck. There are a man’s innards all over the front. That’s not exactly being discreet.” “Well, I didn’t know that,” I said, hopping out of the truck and stomping back around to his side. “You could have just said, ‘Hey, Raegan, we’re going to grab a different truck since I just splattered a man against this one. See how easy that is?” “I would think the fact that there’s a dead man attached to the grill would have clued you in,” he scowled.  