THE HIGHEST-RATED  5-STAR MJ BOOK ON AMAZON AND…. •	A Kindle Bestseller •	One of the Best-Selling MJ Books•	Has Earned the Most ReviewsWhy did 7,745 people download this book from “Kindle Free eBooks” within 24 hours? Read it to find out why.... " If you want an eye-opening portrayal of the real Michael Jackson - delivered in a rare blend of disclosure, respect, insight, and passion - this is it! "  -- THOMAS A. MESEREAU [MJ's Defense Attorney]MORE THAN a Michael Jackson Biography -- AN EMOTIONAL JOURNEY...Today, in spite of volumes of printed material and a world of cyberspace about Michael Jackson, there is little truthful published information about the real, flesh-and-blood man from first-hand witnesses. Until now.Revealed in this biography are Michael's last four mysterious years: where he and his children went, what he did, and how he spent his time.An in-depth portrayal of Michael Jackson -- the global "King of Pop" -- Defending A King ~ His Life &amp; Legacy discloses new information and unique insights into this "king of a man." This book explains his torturous life with an emphasis on his triumphs over his adversities and challenges.More controversial in life and in death than anyone else, Michael Jackson's goodness has been mostly ignored. This volume needs to be affixed to the legacy of his genius and greatness."Bizarre circumstances demand bizarre behavior." Dr. Moriarty leads her reader through the maze of stunningly bizarre circumstances in which Michael lived and struggled, through private joys and suffering as a real person ... at the absolute pinnacle of human existence.  .......................................What you will discover &amp; learn ... in 19 chapters ...•	"The Back Door"•	Protecting Mr. Jackson•	Michael Jackson the Man•	"Daddy" •	Michael Jackson &amp; His Family•	Michael Jackson's TSUNAMI: The Trial•	The Back Story: Surprises•	The Morass of Michael Jackson's Finances•	Flypaper: Sticky Lawsuits &amp; Such•	Nothing But the Facts•	Healer &amp; Humanitarian•	Artist &amp; Entertainer•	"Bizarre Behavior"•	The Paragon of Paradox•	Michael Jackson &amp; His Fans•	The Unwanted Chapter•	The Legacy of Michael Jackson•	Ruminations