 How well do you really know your husband?  Grace Dalton is trying to put her life back together after her husband John died suddenly in a hit and run. Her perfect world is collapsing around her, the home she hoped to fill with children is huge and empty, and she’s paralysed with grief.  But as Grace sorts through her husband’s belongings, she realises the man she loved was lying to her. There’s a mysterious list of names hidden among his things, a secret bank account, and a shocking revelation about his family that he kept from her since the day they met.  Who was John Dalton?  As Grace tries to identify the names on the list she realises something is wrong. She’s imagining things: seeing John in the faces of strangers and finding things in an entirely different place to where she’d swear she left them.  Is Grace losing her grasp on reality, or is someone trying to stop her finding out the truth about her husband?  A gripping psychological thriller that will have you questioning everything you think you know. If you enjoyed The Wife Between Us, The Girl on the Train or Behind Closed Doors, you’ll love this book!   What readers are saying about Alex Sinclair:   ‘I devoured this book in one sitting… What a bloody book! I had been wondering what the twist would be. Jesus!!! I am still reeling… I am in shock, I am not sure when I will be out of it. I sat in the car in a stunned silence and then for about five minutes kept saying What the hell!’ Zooloo’s Book Blog, 5 stars  ‘I read this one in one go. From the first page I was hooked… I did not see this twist coming… I was thoroughly captivated.’ B For Bookreview, 5 stars  ‘Wow… I was well and truly hooked! Easily could have finished it in one sitting. It was bloody brilliant… This is a must buy and must read… Outstanding.’ Between the Pages Book Club, 5 stars  ‘Right from the beginning it had me hooked… Captivating… Genuinely gave me the chills, and yet I had to just keep reading one more page!… Be prepared to be reading into the early hours just to get it finished!’ Stardust Book Reviews  ‘Utterly thrilling… Wow!... Completely unexpected. This was a true psychological thriller that kept me on my toes.’ Robin Loves Reading  ‘Gripping, thrilling, thrilling!... I was so shocked… There is a huge revelation at the end that I DID NOT see coming… I loved it!... I was hooked from the start of this book... A great page turner of a book, that keeps you reading more and more late into the night.’ Books on the Shelf, 5 stars  ‘Wow!! Hold on tight for this non-stop, hold-your-breath thriller!!... You will not know what hits you when you get to the end. Remember, keep breathing, I think I held my breath for the last 2 chapters.