SET YOUR NIGHTS ABLAZE WITH THE FIRST BOOK IN THE FLAMES OF VAMPIRE PASSION SERIES.London Beckley (aka Lindy Beck):“Human life is short. A flicker of time, and then it’s over. Live it while you can... With me.”Those were the outrageous words Zane said to me the night I attended the erotic convention to try to network and sell some books. I had left my husband to pursue my life on my own terms rather than put up with one more word of derision. Once I arrived at the adult convention, I was startled to find someone already at my table, Zane, claiming to be my assistant for the night. As the event progressed, amidst his antics of reading excerpts to chittering ladies, and flashing what I thought were fake fangs, he made his intentions towards me crystal clear.Little did I know how drastically my life was about to change with Zane’s entrance into it. Zane took me from my colorless world, and immersed me into his vibrancy.Soon, he was inside me in every way possible.My conflicted mind.My hidden walls protecting me.My damaged heart.The immediate and undying intensity between us was both an awakening of my true self and an overwhelming rush ripping me apart. I wasn’t sure if I would survive the ways he made me feel in my body, heart and soul, much less the salacious, climax-inducing visions he could send directly into my psyche.After a night of interrupted intimacy, and another of heated exchanges between Zane and my mother, I threw away my inclination for sanity, and accepted his invitation to take a walk on the wild side with him for the next few weeks.Life had served me enough bitterness in the day. For some reason, it had decided to reflect its loving moonlight, and I wasn’t asking any questions.Still, I wondered if he would survive my mother.Zane:Forever is a long time.When you’re as old as I am, and you find the person you want to be with, you go for it, and don’t look back. I discovered London through reading her books, recognized my heart’s counterpart, and looked her up to interact with her on social media. Once she announced the convention she planned to attend, I decided that was the time to go get her, and forbade my friend Jen as well as London’s other vampire fans from going. I needed London’s full attention on me, and knew how to get it.London is sex all bottled up and I’ve got the corkscrew to pop her open. But more than that, she’s funny, kind, tenderhearted yet damaged in ways I long to fix. The woman sets my dead blood on fire. To Hell with anyone or anything that gets in my way, whether it be a former love interest who dares to threaten her, or anyone else who tries to separate us.Our passion is a flame that will not be extinguished.*****Zane, Flames of Vampire Passion Series, Book One, contains steaming, wickedly hot scenes of vivid intimacy, laugh out loud humor and depth of heartfelt connection between Zane and London of real emotion.Can their passion for each other survive a jilted lover, and heart-stopping intimacy? Even more worrisome, can it survive London’s domineering mother?This work is fiction and meant for an adult audience.M/F, language, violence, stand alone, HEA, paranormal, vampires