One often finds destiny on the road taken to avoid it. 
Growing up on a small farm in the kingdom of Vanguard, seventeen-year-old Layla Givens lives a deceptively tranquil existence. But her carefully constructed life quickly falls apart when she’s abducted by a religious zealot who proclaims her The Fulfillment of an ancient peace prophecy and whisks her away to marry her greatest enemy.Wilhelm, Prince of the Ethereals, is reluctant to meet his new bride. He's grown up believing Vanguards are evil, an enemy to fight and fear...not love. Can he set aside his prejudices and work alongside Layla to bring lasting peace after centuries of war?Nash, a loner who has never fit in, carries a huge secret, one big enough to destroy both kingdoms. When he accidentally meets Layla, he’s no longer content to live in the shadows, but he must resist his growing attraction—for her safety and for the longevity of the two kingdoms.When Nash's secret is revealed, a firestorm sweeps through both realms, with Layla at the center. Now she must choose between duty and desire while the fate of two nations hangs in the balance.What readers on Amazon and Goodreads are saying:★★★★★ "Can I rate it 10 stars?”★★★★★ "I love when I can completely immerse myself in a new world and with The Prophecy I did so effortlessly.” ★★★★★ "My heart raced, it fluttered, and on numerous occasions it felt like it stopped in its tracks!”★★★★★ "The characters' motives and complexities are something that George R. R. Martin would dream up.” ★★★★★ "From the first sentence I was captivated.” ★★★★★ "Oh. Wow. This blew my mind!” ★★★★★ "MUST READ!” ★★★★★ "I was hooked on this book from the beginning.” ★★★★★ "Go read this book, it’s so awesome that everyone should read it.” ★★★★★ "This fast paced, high fantasy story is sure to grab your attention from the first page!” ★★★★★ "Once you get started you can't put it down!” ★★★★★ "This book reminded me why I love fantasy so much.” ★★★★★ "Once you start, you lose track of time and will suddenly realize that you've spent all day devouring this book. Yeah, that's The Prophecy.” ★★★★★ "A must-read for fans of action-packed fantasy with romance and great characters.” ★★★★★ "The storyline is overwhelmingly original.” ★★★★★ "I've read this title twice now, and I still love it!” ★★★★★ "This book had my mind going ALL OVER THE PLACE (in a good way).” ★★★★★ "THE PROPHECY sucked me in so bad I couldn't fall asleep after putting it down.”