USA Today and NYT bestseller Olivia Cunning has delighted readers with her wildly popular Sinners on Tour series, the perfect blend of steamy sex, heartwarming romance, and wicked humor. Now, get all five scorching reads for one low price: Backstage Pass, Rock Hard, Hot Ticket, Wicked Beat, and Double Time.. "The sex is incredible and the love is even better. Each rocker has a piece of my heart."--Night Owl Reviews, 5 Stars"Hot men, rocking music, and explosive sex? What could be better?"--Seriously Reviews
  About the Books in This Bundle
1. Backstage PassIt's been months since lead guitarist Brian Sinclair composed anything. But when sexy psychology professor Myrna Evans comes on tour to study groupie mentality, Brian finds the spark he needs to reignite his musical genius. When lust turns to love, can Brian convince Myrna that what they have is more than just a fling?2. Rock HardThe stage is the only place lead singer Sed Lionheart feels any passion since he lost Jessica, the law student who broke off their engagement. But trapped together on the tour bus for the summer, Sed and Jessica will rediscover their penchant for public encounters and the millions of steamy reasons they never should have called it quits...3. Double TimeOn the rebound from the tumult of his bisexual lifestyle, rhythm guitarist Trey Mills falls for sizzling new guitar sensation Reagan Elliot. Ecstatic to be on tour learning the ropes with Trey's band, Reagan finds she craves Trey just as much as the spotlight. When Reagan's ex, Ethan, returns, Trey's secret desires flare, and Reagan agrees to a hot new world of sexual experience with the two men she loves the most.4. Hot TicketStruggling with his past, bassist Jace Seymour seeks dominatrix Aggie to help placate his inner turmoil. Aggie doesn't have much use for men, but Jace quickly steals her heart. When circumstances threaten Jace's position in Sinners, Aggie must help him regain his rightful place while showing him that time and love can heal all wounds. 5. Wicked BeatWhen Rebekah Blake becomes the Sinners' new soundboard operator, she can't wait to seduce guitarist Trey. Instead she catches the eye of red-hot drummer Eric Sticks, who sets out to prove that he is the only man who can give her everything her dirty mind desires...