Deidra Montfort is a small town gal whose life has been shattered by tragedy. Her children and husband are dead and Dee is recovering from massive injuries that should have left her dead as well. Part of Dee knows she could have prevented the tragedies... somehow… Strange dreams and flashes of images of a life with a gorgeous, sexy warrior god leave Dee feeling confused and guilt ridden as she struggles to cope with the loss of her family and the devastating damage done to her own body. As she struggles with the urge to just give up she turns her attention to helping out an old friend who runs a backwoods biker bar and helping runaway teenage girls make a new start for themselves.  Dee doesn't know that a vampire watches her from the fringes of her life. He is not stalking her but protecting her because she is his beloved mate. The vampire has been searching for his long lost mate who was cursed for saving his life almost six hundred years ago.  Lucian Michaels is an Immortal Spell Weaver turned vampire who watches Deirdra from the fringes of her life. He’s been doing this or something like it for nearly six hundred years. An ancient curse has robbed her of all knowledge of who she is and her true destiny. She doesn’t remember that her name is Morna Glynn Michaels, Spell Weaver of the First Order, and Airendell Warrior of the first Order. She doesn’t remember that she is Lucian’s one true mate and has been for nearly seven hundred years. So Lucian waits and watches hoping she regains her memories and her powers so that she can reclaim her mate, her destiny and overcome the curse that ruined their lives.  Lucian knows they face overwhelming odds as they set out overcome the evil forces that still seek to destroy them and their clan of magical Immortals who dedicate their lives to protecting mankind from other less altruistic Immortals. However, he doesn’t know of the painful changes his beloved will have to endure, the blood thirsty creatures, jealous rages and treachery from their own family members. They must overcome all of these challenges in order to be able to reclaim their true destiny. NOTE: Lots of racy love scenes and exciting action scenes unfold as Deirdra discovers the truth about herself and the vampire who watches over her. If you like ancient magic, vampires, epic battles and intrigue this is the story for you. This is installment one of the Airendell Chronicles. 