This is the seventh book in the Reed Security series and it is recommended that they are read in order.  “Here’s the deal. The Blood Devils and the Night Kings have declared war on us. They attacked our homes and they tortured our women. Now, this all started with Chris’s woman and we’ve talked about how we want to deal with them.” Cap looked around the room at the men and women that were standing with us. “No mercy. By the time we’re through with them, there won’t be a single one of them still standing. What we’re going to do isn’t legal and it could land us in jail if we’re caught. If you don’t want any part of this, you can walk away. Some of you have families to think about and you won’t be thought less of for wanting to protect them. OPS can go back home and the gangs will never know that you were tied to this if something goes wrong. If you’re with Reed Security, you can stay here and be on protection detail while we’re gone. The choice is yours.” I looked around the room and saw that no one was backing down. No one even looked hesitant. “After what they did to Vanessa, you can bet your a$$ I want in,” Cazzo growled. “They didn’t get Claire or Lucy, but they shot up my house,” Derek said. “No one gets away with that.” One by one, everyone from Reed Security put in their two cents on the matter. “They shot my dog,” Jackson glowered. “I’m in.” “My pillows are destroyed,” Chance sneered. “You can bet I want to mess them up.” The room went silent as everyone stared at Chance. “What?” He looked around the room at the raised eyebrows and confused faces. “That bed cost me $3000. It was the most comfortable room in the house, and the pillows were $200 a piece. They were hypoallergenic.” Still, everyone just stared at him. He rolled his eyes. “Hey, I don’t have a family or a dog, but I do have creature comforts and it pisses me off that someone destroyed that.”  Chris "Jack" McKay left behind the love of his life seventeen years ago. Now, when she needs him most, he'll give anything to help the woman he loves and her son. But not everyone at Reed Security trusts Alison and her intentions for their teammate. Especially when two gangs come after Reed Security and their families.