Whiskey and Other Unusual Ghosts debuts a meteoric new voice in modern dark fiction. In these tales, you’ll discover the humanity of horror, and the traumas that birth ghosts of all kinds. From inner demons to the bloodied fields of war, Edwards maintains his unique voice while whispers of classic writers such as Arthur Machen and Thomas Ligotti shine through. Edwards enters the contemporary dark fiction crowd with a standout collection that is likely to cement his position amongst the modern greats.  "S.L. Edwards is a natural storyteller, with a keen command of voice, a delightfully twisted imagination and a wily, prodigious intellect. Whiskey and Other Unusual Ghosts lives up to its inventive title with tales of hauntings that are chilling, funny, moving and—quite often—all three at once. I loved this collection." - Jon Padgett, Author of THE SECRET OF VENTRILOQUISM  “In these perfectly constructed, intimately detailed, and emotionally charged tales, Edwards isolates the silent horrors underscoring our lives and woven into our closest relationships, urging them to take psychological and physical form. In the cold hours before dawn his creatures rise, arch their backs, and begin the search for sustenance, feeding off of childhood fears and lifelong grievances. Hidden in memories, abandoned rooms, and forgotten trails, adorned with the fantasies we invent to conceal their nature, our monsters merely postpone the moment of revelation until we’re far too vulnerable to escape.” — S.P. Miskowski, author of THE WORST IS YET TO COME  "S.L. Edwards has crafted something truly special with Whiskey and Other Unusual Ghosts. Phantoms and monsters haunt these pages, but so do far greater demons: loneliness, addiction, lost love. In these stories, there's pain, there's beauty, and beyond it all, there's a profound humanity that will by turns unsettle you as well as break your heart. A sublime debut, and one that should jump to the top of your reading list immediately." - Gwendolyn Kiste, author of THE RUST MAIDENS and PRETTY MARYS ALL IN A ROW   "Armed with a taut understanding of power and the damage that power can do, Sam's stories are conscientious, unsparing, and a reflection of the world we've broken. A writer with a vision to watch." - Nadia Bulkin, Author of SHE SAID DESTROY  "Whiskey and Other Unusual Ghosts by S.L. Edwards is a startling debut collection whose author has unflinching insight into the political and the personal, into the human and the inhuman alike. A true standout among the new voices in modern Horror. Fans of Nadia Bulkin will find a lot to love here." – Matthew M. Bartlett, author of GATEWAYS TO ABOMINATION  With an introduction by Gwendolyn Kiste.