From the authors of The Whole-Brain Child and No-Drama Discipline,  an indispensable guide to unlocking your child's innate capacity for resilience, compassion, and creativity.When facing contentious issues such as screen time, food choices, and bedtime, children often act out or shut down, responding with reactivity instead of receptivity. This is what New York Times bestselling authors Daniel J. Siegel and Tina Payne Bryson call a No Brain response. But our kids can be taught to approach life with openness and curiosity. When kids work from a Yes Brain, they're more willing to take chances and explore. They're more curious and imaginative. They're better at relationships and handling adversity. In The Yes Brain, the authors give parents skills, scripts, and activities to bring kids of all ages into the beneficial "yes" state. You'll learn- the four fundamentals of the Yes Brain--balance, resilience, insight, and empathy--and how to strengthen them - the key to knowing when kids need a gentle push out of a comfort zone vs. needing the "cushion" of safety and familiarity - strategies for navigating away from negative behavioral and emotional states (aggression and withdrawal) and expanding your child's capacity for positivityThe Yes Brain is an essential tool for nurturing positive potential and keeping your child's inner spark glowing and growing strong.Praise for The Yes Brain"This unique and exciting book shows us how to help children embrace life with all of its challenges and thrive in the modern world. Integrating research from social development, clinical psychology, and neuroscience, it's a veritable treasure chest of parenting insights and techniques."--Carol S. Dweck, Ph.D., author of 
  Mindset
 "I have never read a better, clearer explanation of the impact parenting can have on a child's brain and personality."--Michael Thompson, Ph.D."Easily assimilated and informative, the book will help adults enable children to lead physically and emotionally satisfying and well-rounded lives filled with purpose and meaningful relationships. Edifying, easy-to-understand scientific research that shows the benefits that accrue when a child is encouraged to be inquisitive, spirited, and intrepid."
  --Kirkus Reviews
