Book 2 - A Tisket A Casket A Harley and Davidson Mystery  Friday night lights in the Lone Star State gives the term "sudden death" a whole new meaning.    Retired homicide detective Hank Davidson still struggles with civilian life. But he's trying. His latest attempt at a hobby leads him to discover the world of the outdoorsman, but it doesn't take long before he realizes he's much better at hunting man than animal. He was thinking about becoming a vegetarian anyway.  Fresh off a new, high-pressure publishing contract and another solved cold case under her belt, Agatha Harley tempts Hank with an arson case that might have landed an innocent man in prison for murder. All the clues lead to those at the top, but money and power make it easy to get away with murder. Cracking this case won't be easy, but Hank and Agatha are on the job. After all, solving a crime is much easier than meeting a deadline or being retired.  Other Books In The Series: Book 1 The Farmer’s Slaughter Book 2 A Tisket A Casket Book 3 I Saw Mommy Killing Santa Claus Book 4 Get Your Murder Running Book 5 Deceased and Desist  ABOUT THE AUTHORS: The dynamic husband and wife writing duo of Liliana Hart and Scott Silverii combine their love of adventure and storytelling into the Harley and Davidson Mystery Series. While they've discussed a team writing effort for years, when it came time to actually develop their characters, both admit to being stumped.  Why not write us they laughed.  Liliana, a 24-time NY Times and USA Today bestseller and author of over 52 titles,enjoys this labor of love with her husband. Scott, a former Chief of Police and law enforcement professional has over 25 years of banging down doors and busting bad guys. An author of 10 titles, he says this by far is his favorite mission.  Together, they have created a lovable tandem of adventure seeking, mystery-solving heroes that you'll get to know and love. You might even catch a glimpse of Liliana and Scott in each story. Well, probably much more than a glimpse.