
  The fifth standalone novel in CJ Duggan's HEART OF THE CITY series from the internationally bestselling author of the SUMMER and PARADISE series.
  
  
  
  Hollywood isn't all sunglasses and autographs.
Abby Taylor is heading for the hills - the Hollywood hills. All she has to do first is exorcise some old demons, namely Cassie Carmichael, the character she has been playing on Australia's number one television drama for the past three years.Wanting to escape the fear of typecasting and malicious magazine covers, Abby is in desperate need of a change. With a new city, new friends and a sweet new condo in West Hollywood, it's time to take her career to the next level. But with disastrous auditions and countless rejections, Abby is going to need to numb the pain in the hope that her next big break comes along, and it does. She just never dreamed that it would be in the form of waiting tables and splitting tips at one of the hottest nightspots on the strip.Action-packed late nights and VIP parties are a sure distraction, but nothing distracts her quite like her new boss, the infuriating Jay Davis. Suddenly living the dream takes on a whole new meaning, but when something in Jay's past is revealed, Abby has to question, who is the greatest actor of them all?In the land of broken dreams, all Abby can do is hope that hers is not going to be one of them.
  HOLLYWOOD HEARTBREAK is the fifth standalone book in CJ Duggan's sassy, sexy new adult series, Heart of the City.
PRAISE FOR CJ DUGGAN'S PREVIOUS BOOKS:'I loved this book - it's the perfect beach read.' - Flying Through Pages'I loved every moment . . . CJ is a born storyteller that breathes a realism into her characters and situations that we've all found ourselves in.' - Diva Book Nerd'PARADISE CITY is the same brand of feel good, fun and sexy romance that I have come to love from this author' - Book Briefs'I love Duggan's writing and PARADISE CITY was a hoot. I cannot wait for the next book! Is it August yet?' - Reading With ABC'Duggan's writing is addictive, and I really didn't want to put this book down.' - Escape Into Words'PARADISE CITY is going to be on my mind until I can get my greedy eyes on PARADISE ROAD. I need that book yesterday!' - Book Cat Pin'A fast paced fun read with so many steamy situations.' - Dreamy Addictions'Guaranteed her readers will come back for more.' - My Guilty Obsession'Drama, deception, love and a little mystery . . . the ending left me hungry for the next book! I can't wait for PARADISE ROAD!' - Paranormal Tendencies on Goodreads'A bit of HOME AND AWAY meets PUBERTY BLUES feel about the novel makes is a great read for older teens and YA. I will be desperately waiting for part 2 in September.' - Samantha on Goodreads'Again Ms Duggan had created a winner. Paradise City was a perfect introduction to the series and characters. I was left needing more and it had so much laugh-out-loud fun. This really did have everything from intrigue to addiction, realism of high school antics, steamy sizzles and fast paced readability. I am certainly hooked and desperately want more of all these characters. I highly recommend this to all new adult readers, fan-bloody-tastic!' - Turner's Antics 'This is my first taste of Duggan's work and it won't be the last ... It's a story that will have you coming back for more.' - Sassy Book Lovers'convincing and authentic ... Perfect for fans of Abbi Glines and Anna Todd, PARADISE CITY is a fun and exciting read about love, family and surviving high school.' - Fictional Thoughts