Book 1: THE ANONYMOUS SOURCEFind the Source. Break the Story. Stay Alive.One year after the 9/11 attacks, Alex Vane--a brilliant, fitness-obsessed reporter for The New York Standard--wants nothing more than to break into the flashy world of TV news. But when he uncovers the scoop of a lifetime, his tightly controlled world is rocked: his editor buries his story, a source turns up dead, and Alex finds himself at the center of a violent media conspiracy.As he receives tips from a mysterious source, Alex enlists the help of a captivating professor, Camila Gray. Aided by an Internet genius, a billionaire's sexy widow, and a washed-up sports reporter, Alex and Camila discover a $500-million secret that could derail the largest media merger in history.It's a secret that unearths dark memories from Alex's past. It's a secret that leads back to the morning of 9/11. And it's a secret that could get them both killed.
  Book 2: THE INVERTED PYRAMID
Uneasy Lies the Head that Wears a Crown.Journalist Alex Vane has finally found stability. He's living with a fiery massage therapist and co-managing a website that investigates the inner workings of the media. But when he breaks a story detailing low-level political corruption in Washington, a source hints at a vaster conspiracy, one that may reach all the way to the top of the fast-approaching 2004 presidential election.At a conference in Seattle, Alex runs into an old friend--and flame--Media Studies Professor Camila Gray. But just as they begin to reconnect, Alex's business partner disappears, leaving Alex only one clue: the name of a hacker who was recently murdered in New York City.Alex and Camila travel to Alex's hometown, where they race to untangle a web of connections between the dead hacker, the disappearance of Alex's partner, and the death of Alex's parents seven years earlier. But all the while, a mysterious source is pulling the strings of their investigation, of the election, and possibly of their lives.
  Book 3: THE MOCKINGBIRD DRIVE
Data Never Dies. But People Do.Alex Vane was once a top investigative journalist. Now he peddles celebrity gossip and clickbait listicles, watching from a distance as his wife moves on with her life - without him. Alex's past catches up with him when he learns that an old source, James Stacy, has been killed in a random mass shooting.But James left Alex one last scoop: a 50-year-old hard drive that may contain a secret worth killing for...