Float: A Guide to Letting Go seeks to encourage children to process their emotions gently and in a way that allows them purposeful ownership of what they think and how they feel. It will aid them in identifying the root of their feelings, help them to examine their reactions to emotions and decide for themselves what they may be ready to release. The thoughtful use of color and symbols, and the guided practice of breathwork, encourages readers to maintain a broad focus as they become more grounded and aware. The playful rhyme dances with readers as they grow on their journey to the present, where they are beautifully set free.Readers will enjoy:Learning how to identify and examine emotions Understanding how to release unwanted thoughts and feelings Permission to acknowledge, accept, feel and heal in a unique way "Aimee Ruland's book, Float, is a masterpiece of creativity where the intangible becomes relatable, fun and beautifully depicted. Teaching children mindfulness, kindness and intention regarding their feelings might just be the most important lesson we can teach them. This book belongs on the shelf of every child--or anyone who has ever been a child." --Stephanie Wharton, M.Ed., INHC"What a beautiful message for children of all ages! A brilliant example of emotions and feelings that may be difficult for children to define with words. Float is the perfect story to help a child's mind and body unwind at the end of the day. I found myself thinking about the message long after reading the story." --Tanya Swanson, kindergarten teacher"Beautiful, soothing words to comfort children and guide them in using imagery to help deal with the weight of daily emotions." --Susan E. Slater, children's librarian"Float does a great job blending imagery to relate to feelings of young children. The colors of the balloons are neatly tied into each feeling discussed in the book. The strategies are appropriate, simple and thought provoking. A great read!" --Matthew Menard, M.S., M.Ed., LPC"Aimee Ruland is the Dr. Seuss of children's therapy books. My seven-year-old loves the book, and so do I. --Jeffrey Barkstrom, LACFrom Loving Heaing Press www.LHPress.com