It’s that time of year again, snowflakes are fluttering and the countdown to Christmas has begun! Holly Devine is returning to the only place that feels like home, hoping that some festive magic will help to turn her life around…Twenty-seven-year-old Holly Devine has just had her heart well and truly broken. Hurt by the two people she loves the most, she flees to her eccentric Aunt Clara’s cosy cottage to hide away over the winter season. But kind, impulsive Aunt Clara has other ideas… She’s not about to see her favourite niece wallowing in sadness during the most wonderful time of the year. So, with the help of her close circle of friends and plenty of gin, she creates a handmade advent calendar for Holly.Every day in December, Holly opens a new door and has a different task to complete. She soon finds herself asking out a complete stranger – gorgeous, cheeky pub landlord, Finn Jackson. But as handsome Finn gets involved in her festive challenges, Holly’s determination to avoid romance is put to the test. Still, Finn’s far too carefree and single for true love, isn’t he?As Holly begins to embrace each day – a complete makeover, building the biggest snowman she’s ever seen, singing in a karaoke contest – Finn is there adding fun and laughter to every moment. Holly starts to realise that she can become the person she’s always wanted to be…But a secret from Finn’s past threatens to turn Holly’s Christmas upside down and makes her question everything she has experienced in the last few weeks. Will Finn open up to Holly in time to show her how he really feels? And will she complete the advent calendar challenges and fall in love this Christmas?It’s time to curl up for a delicious Christmas romance about daring to take chances, opening yourself up to love, and being true to who you really are. Perfect for fans of Carole Matthews, Debbie Johnson and Debbie Macomber.What readers are saying about Donna Ashcroft:‘I absolutely adored this book… made me feel all warm and cosy!... brilliant… completely addictive… up there with my favourites for the year!... a delightful read.’ Donna’s Book Blog, 5 stars‘Oh my goodness it is fantastic. It has everything you want in a good book, its Christmas and there is cake oh and a love story!... perfect!... I absolutely adored the whole story it was beautiful… it will get you in the festive mood!’ Jessica’s Book Biz, 5 stars‘Absolutely amazing! Loved every minute the story just flowed and I didn't want to put it down… I've fallen in love with Castle Cove.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars‘Perfect book to read around a log fire and to dream of Christmas and friendship and romance… So heart-warming and perfect for Christmas… has you hooked very quickly.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars‘Such a gorgeous read… I instantly fell in love… it’s like a big hug in a book and I loved every second of it… a wonderful, warm, enjoyable read that will make you feel-good. It’s got some fabulous characters in a gorgeous setting that will make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside. Fabulous read.’ Katie’s Book Cave‘I absolutely love it… glorious, this novel is set in such a beautiful surrounding place that you'd soon be feeling Christmassy after you read this. I felt all warm and fuzzy…’ The Cosiest Corner‘A joy to read… This book just gives you the cozy vibes. You are hooked immediately upon starting.' Falling for Romance 'Perfect… The minute I started reading this book I just felt happy and excited… if you're looking for a feel good, Christmassy romance I would definitely recommend this.' Goodreads reviewer