  Germany's Fantasy Best Seller 2015 - 2017 now in English!   Pentamuria, one of the most successful high fantasy books ever published by a German author, is now finally available for us! With Kindle Unlimited for free.   “When our team presented me "The Reign of Magic" for the first time, I thought: This might sell well. At that time I really had no idea HOW well.”  Mark Will, CEO of Zaptos Media Verlag  “We used our best writers to work on the project and are now happy to announce that this translation might be even better than the original.”  Joseph Taylor, head of the translation team.  “Mix the magical world of Harry Potter with the power struggles of Game of Thrones and you get a sense for what The Reign of Magic is all about.”  Anna Breitenfeld, German journalist.  “What you are about to read is a masterpiece, written thoughtfully and with a German obsession for perfection.”  Richard T. Claymore    Content:    Nothing will be as it was. Cities will crumble to ash. Ashen wastes will become lush and fertile. Rulers will serve, and servants will rule.   Pentamuria, the world of five kingdoms, is in a time of change. The power of the nobles and mages is threatened. War is upon them, although they do not know yet when or with whom. Thus, the mages are gathering in their capital, Ringwall, to prepare together against any possible enemy.  At this time, the orphan boy Nill is found by the Druids. He possesses considerable magical skills. So he is taken to Ringwall, where he is to be trained in the magical arts alongside his fellow students. Nill, who is an outsider, shows no respect for the traditions of the magical world, and challenges the ways of the mages.  Soon this mages start to ask themselves: Could this powerful stranger bring the foretold end of their reign? If yes, Nill has to be dealt with. By whatever means ...   Number 1 in the categories:  best sellers books, epic fantasy, good fantasy books, high fantasy books, best fantasy books 2017, kindle best sellers, fantasy kindle books, best sellers, best sellers kindle