Ollie never expected to meet his Daddy in the baby aisle.  All Oliver wanted was some more paint, a new box of crayons, and a maybe some more candy. Scared of putting himself and his needs out there in fear of rejection, Oliver never expected to meet eyes with the Daddy of his dreams. He definitely didn’t expect the man to hunt him down in the store and ask him out while standing in the baby aisle holding a basket with a bottle of his favorite strawberry bubble bath, a new yellow sippy cup, and an awesome dinosaur coloring book. He might as well have the word ‘little’ stamped permanently across his forehead.  Marshall never expected to be anyone’s Daddy.  While enjoying his coffee and reading a book, Marshall never expected to feel someone watching him and he definitely didn’t expect to meet the eyes of a beautiful man that pushed every one of his buttons but in a second he was gone. Unwilling to let him slip out of his grasp, Marshall searches everywhere and when he finds him in the baby aisle perusing the pacifiers, he boldly approaches. Once he realizes Oliver is a little in every sense of the word and is in need of a Daddy to love and care for him, Marshall finally succumbs to the desires he’s suppressed for so long.  Follow Oliver and Marshall on their sweet journey of discovery and acceptance as they both reach for the connection they never thought they would find.  AUTHOR CONFESSION: Okay, confession time! In my excitement to push the publish button, I uploaded an older, unedited version of this book. It might have taken me a couple of days to notice but I’ve since realized my mistake and have uploaded the edited version of Caring For Little Ollie. Most of the edits were spelling errors and problems with tenses, nothing about the plot was changed between the copy I uploaded and the edited version. For those of you who read the unedited version, thanks for sticking around through the mess it was and for those who have no idea what I’m talking about, be thankful. That will teach me to be more careful about my file naming conventions. Peace, Izaia Winter.  WARNING: This book is Intended for Adult (18+) readers. While not all books in this series will feature Age Play, Daddy Kink, or Adult Babie/Diaper Lover elements, this book does. I understand this kind of content is not for everyone and if this is not your cup of tea, feel free to skip this book. I try to write all books so that they can be read and understood as stand alones although reading them all together will create a more complete and rich experience.  ~60k words Story Contains: MM Sexual Content, Daddy Kink, BDSM Elements, Power Exchange Relationships, Age Play, Mild AB/DL, Brief References to Past Child Abuse, Fast Feelings, Sweetness Overload, Happily Ever Afters, and No Angst