 
  Some nightmares never end
 In his sleep, Louie starts visiting a magical world where he meets his father, who died when Louie was still a baby. But nothing turns out to be what it seems, and great horrors loom very close by ... 
  Welcome to Dreamland 
 A mysterious teen ghost story about fear and loss and losing yourself in dreams, Dreamland was originally published in Danish to great reviews, and is now available in English.  BOOK BLOGGERS ON DREAMLAND “Really awesome, well thought out and creepy.”★★★★★ Sabrina“A thrilling ride down into the subconscious … I can only recommend it!”★★★★ Eva Lucia“Incredibly compelling.”★★★★ Pernille“I loved the concept of Dreamland—more than once I held my breath as Louie went there.”★★★★ Cecilie“It is hard not to get dragged into Dreamland.”★★★★ Regitze  EXCERPT “Dreamland is merely a small part of the dreamworld,” his dad said. “All around us is this. I call it the outskirts. That’s where nightmares come from.”     Louie stared out into the wasteland and felt a growing discomfort.     “Something lives out there,” his dad went on, his eyes searching the horizon. “Once in a while they come close enough to the border to be glimpsed. And if you listen carefully, you can hear their voices.”     Louie held his breath and listened. The silence on this side of the edge was deep and calm, only interrupted by bird song now and then. On the other side a cold wind howled.     “Do you hear them?” his dad asked.     “I only hear the wind.” But as he said it, he realized the wind was the voices. It was a chanting choir of faint fragments; whispering, giggling, alluring.     “… hi, Louuuuie …”     “… how sweet he is …”     “… come out here …”     “… we’ve been waiting for you …”     “… visit us, Louuuuie …”     They kept saying his name. The sound made him shiver. The voices seemed to rise and fall with the wind, but at the same time it seemed like they came from inside his head. There was something drawing, almost hypnotic about them. Louie wanted to step closer, just so he could hear them a little more clearly …     “Louie?”     Dad’s voice pulled him back, and he looked up.     “Don’t listen anymore. If you listen for too long, you end up taking the bait. The reason I show you this is so that you can understand where the voice you heard is coming from.