All a lady wants for Christmastide is a Rogue of her own...Seven Rogues find the love of their lives in this historical holiday collection. Follow each rogue as they learn how enticing love can be and that sometimes even the wickedest rogues can find their happy-ever-after."Jewel of Winter" by Kirsten S. BlacketerWhen a trio of thieves arrive at her inn during a snowstorm, Jessamine must submit to their leader, Edmund. She never expected to spend Christmas as a captive. "Christmas Seduction" by Samantha HoltAfter a rocky start to their arranged nuptials, the Duke of Fenhurst must make a success of his marriage somehow. Alex returns to his wife for Christmas to celebrate...and seduce. "How to Kiss a Rogue" by Amanda MarielLady Natalie's betrothal is ended and frees her to pursue the man of her dreams. During a holiday party she discovers the lord she desires in attendance. So hatches a plan to snare him. "A Wallflower's Christmas Kiss" by Dawn BrowerAn arranged betrothal has Lady Juliette Brooks seeking out her former childhood friend, the Duke of Kissinger to beg him to honor his long ago promise. Grayson Abbot has no desire to marry, but he always keeps his word. As they race to Scotland they rediscover the joy of friendship and a passion neither planned on. "The Rogue's Seduction" by Lauren SmithWhen a darling of the ton is targeted by a man who wishes to marry her and break her spirit, she seeks the help of London's most notorious devil in pretending that she's already engaged. What begins as a dangerous game soon turns to seduction over a Christmas neither of them will forget. "Tamed for Christmas" by Sandra SookooWhen a confirmed bachelor and a headmistress literally crash into each other at a boarding school for young ladies, an unexpected Christmas romance begins, proving love isn't just a game for young people. "The St Nicholas Day Wager" by Em TaylorWhen her childhood friend wins a wager against her brother for her hand in marriage, Gabriella is horrified. She knows he finds her looks hideous. Her marriage is surely doomed?