 An electrifying thriller from a USA TODAY bestselling author...    She used to hunt down terrorists. Now she's hunting down the man she loves...  Kendra Shaw was once a black-ops assassin for her government. Deadly and relentless, she worked in the shadows, hunting down terrorists all around the world. She was a true believer. Never questioning. Never hesitating. Always willing to pull the trigger.But one day, her world comes crashing down after a mission in Iraq goes terribly wrong. Innocent people are killed. And the guilt becomes too much for Kendra to take. She suffers an emotional breakdown.Now disgraced, Kendra becomes a 'fallen angel' - an operative considered too damaged to stay on the front lines. She is suspended from duty and sent back home. She spends months recovering from the trauma. She thinks she is out of the game. But, as it turns out, any peace she enjoys is fleeting.One afternoon, on a busy street corner, Kendra spots a familiar face from her past. Ryan Hosseini. A man she once loved and lost years ago.It's a twist of fate, and she feels a flood of emotions. Sorrow. Longing. Regret... Kendra decides to take a chance. She's about to approach Ryan. That's when she realises that he isn't alone. To her astonishment, she sees a team of undercover operatives lurking close by, following Ryan, carrying out active surveillance.  Who are these men? What do they want? Kendra struggles to make sense of the situation. Then the unthinkable happens: a bomb explodes and rips through the lunchtime crowd. And amidst the fire and rubble, Ryan vanishes.Kendra is left shocked and confused.Now she finds herself on the hunt once more, searching the city, determined to uncover the truth.  Is Ryan a victim of circumstance? Or is he a home-grown terrorist on the verge of unleashing an even deadlier attack?  FALLEN ANGEL is BOOK #1 in the white-knuckle, pulse-pounding Raines &amp; Shaw thriller series. The perfect read for fans of Jack Reacher and Jason Bourne.  (Warning: This book is for a mature audience and contains controversial material that's potentially offensive...) 