HOCKEY HOLIDAYS (A Hockey Romance Holiday Anthology)  **100% of the proceeds from sales of this anthology will be donated to charity.**  This holiday season unwrap a brand-new collection of hockey romances that includes humor, drama, love, and - of course - hockey!  Each book is EXCLUSIVE to the anthology and NEVER BEFORE PUBLISHED by USA Today, New York Times, and all your favorite bestselling hockey romance authors.  How We Fell in Love by Toni Aleo He knew she was the one, she wasn't so sure, which is why Grace and James' love story is one for the ages.  A Second Shot by Shannon Stacey She was the one who got away, but when their paths cross once again, all he wants for Christmas is the chance to take another shot at love.  A Wolfe Brothers Christmas by Jami Davenport Spending their first Christmas together in years, the Wolfe brothers fumbling attempts to create good memories go awry.  Christmas Crosscheck by Jaymee Jacobs Bryan's planning to propose to Georgiana on Christmas Eve, but will the chaos of their families’ first holiday together ruin their special moment?  The Final Slapshot by Jean C. Joachim Harry "Deke" Edmonds hides his secret, hoping for a Christmas miracle. When confronted with the truth, will his heart-breaking decision cost him everything?  Lucky Holiday by Jennifer Lazaris Tyler Quinn made the biggest mistake of his life when he broke Ella’s heart, and he’ll need more than an ace up his sleeve to win her back in time for Christmas.  Dmitri's Christmas Angel by Kat Mizera Two women. Two surprise pregnancies. Dmitri Papadakis is screwed.  His Christmas Cinderella by Kate Willoughby When Gideon Aguilar mistakes Bailey Peng for his Uber driver it leads to a night he can’t forget. But after she disappears the next morning will he be able to find his perfect fit?  Red-Hot Trouble by Lily Harlem Sophie Delaney never intended to walk into ‘that’ locker room, at ‘that’ moment, but she did, and now she’ll never be the same again.  Christmas Interference by Lisa B. Kamps Shane Masters no longer believes in happy-ever-afters. Can the woman who knew him best thaw his heart with a little holiday magic before it's too late?  The Devoted Father and the Introvert by Mary Smith Elexis Dunaway loves Twitter and work. Dag Limon loves his twin boys and playing professional hockey. Soon their worlds will collide with one simple tweet.  Her Best Worst Boyfriend by Melanie Ting This Christmas, Em Davis is bringing Mr. Wrong home to prove a point to her parents, but Ian Reid might turn out to be Mr. Right.  Icing isn't Only for Cookies by Melody Heck Gatto Avery James wasn’t looking for love when tall, dark, and deliciously handsome hockey player Kyler Wilson walked into her bakery.  Dallas Christmas by RJ Scott Logan knows lusting after his captain's brother can only lead to trouble. But when fate throws them together, it’s hard not to fall in love.  The Playboy by Stephanie Julian Kyle is back in the minors to rehab his career but that's not all he's hoping to fix. Convincing the girl he left behind to take another chance on this former playboy will be harder than resurrecting his career.  All I Want by Stephanie Kay When fate brings first loves Maggie and Alex back to the same city, will Maggie be brave enough to give the relationship she never forgot a second chance?  Holding On Tight by Susan Scott ShelleyFor defenseman Vince Forsberg and his boyfriend Joseph Parelli, the pressure to make their first Christmas together perfect leads to a lot of chaos, holiday mishaps, and some unexpected results.A Star-Crossed Christmas by V.L. LoceyTwo years ago, Mitch shared an explosive kiss with his childhood friend Shaun. Will Christmas be the time for the two men to find a future together that works?