Irene Vincent’s novel, Revealing: The Evolution of an Artist's Soul is not only a visionary artist’s memoir. It is a fast paced adventure story about a young woman's unconventional journey toward enlightenment. It is a heart warming, tear jerking, uplifting odyssey that will take you deeper into your truer self. It will also inspire you to seek your own dreams and enhance your own destiny.Irene said, “As long as I can remember, God has been my divine protector, my best friend, my all-loving, all-forgiving, and guiding force with whom I have always spoken. On a seemingly ordinary day, a near death experience caused my life events to pass before my eyes like a movie. Even though I was only nine years old, the flashing scenes beckoned me to reflect upon my life and to make new choices. This near death experience forever changed my concept of time and intrigued me with the mysteries of the human brain. Ultimately, it put me on a spiritual quest, seeking ever-grander mysteries. My journey has taken me on many paths. I have explored life from the ghettos, from poverty, from relationships, from the entrepreneurial business world, and from the perspective of an artist. I have traveled and experienced many cultures, along with exploring the esoteric arts. I didn’t understand it at the time, but all of these paths were leading me to a spiritual understanding of life, transforming my soul. At nineteen, I had an identity crisis. During one particular long night, I analyzed my life’s events, dating back to when I was three. I questioned, Who am I? What do I want to do with my life, rather than just listening to people around me telling me what I should do? From this, I rediscovered that I had always wanted to be an artist, but had been stifled in the hardly supportive school environment. Because of these realizations, the next morning I boldly walked into an art store to buy paints and canvas. I started painting.As I grew older and had another near death experience, I came to see such incidents as divine intervention, a way of reviewing my life’s choices, of renewing urgency in my cause, of keeping my soul on its evolutionary path. I hope by reading this story you remember the ways the divine has intervened in and influenced your life.I also hope to inspire people to realize the power of art: its power to convey emotions, to take us deep into our souls, to make the world around us more colorful, to enhance our aliveness, and to awaken the ancient and sacred wisdoms within us. The Divine Universe speaks to us through dreams, visions and images. In this book I share the contemplations and visions that inspired my different art pieces to give readers a deeper understanding of creativity so that they may, perhaps, tap into in their own. In this first book of my trilogy, I explain the makings of my different art series: surreal, geometric abstract, organic abstract, expressionistic, political, and their transformation into my shamanistic-spiritual art. My surreal art expressed my philosophical ideas. Since I was young, I had an idealistic desire to somehow alleviate suffering that humans imposed upon themselves and each other. Through surreal art I sought to create strange worlds that people would be drawn to and feel safe in, rather than feeling fearful of those worlds. I hoped that this love for my strange worlds would open their hearts to appreciate the unique strangeness of other cultures and belief systems. Through my geometric abstract art, I explored qualities of expression through contemplating words. To my surprise, by contemplating geometry and space, these images led me into their own abstract world.Then my abstract art went organic (free form) when I moved to California. I wanted a new freedom of expression.