 From The Book of Revelation  About The Opening of The Second SealRevelation 6: 3 - 4 3. When the Lamb opened the second seal, John heard the second living creature saying, "Come and see." 4. Another horse, fiery red, went out. And it was granted to the one who sat on it to take peace from the earth, and that people should kill one another; and there was given to him a great sword. 
   Here is how the words are written in the Book of Revelation: 
Now, a lot of things that are written in the Book of Revelation that's supposed to be happening in the last days were also happening since the beginning of creation. However, the meaning to these things were sealed, but after Jesus had opened all of the seven seals, one at a time, each seal reveal their own meaning and though the seals were all sealed, they were written in codes, wherefore, most of the human race do not have the understanding; of the symbols, for these things are kept as secrets from their mind. Anyway, I Clive Richards will give you the meaning to most of these things, as they've been revealed to me. Most of what is written in the Book of Revelation are symbols and are shorthand written. Therefore, just as a stenographer type spoken words in a shorthand way within the courtroom as the words are spoken, or a stenotype machine has been use for other purposes as shorthand, so is the Book of Revelation is shorthand written. Likewise, a stenotype machine have the letter of the words shorten and coded where's only the stenographer understand it, while a regular keyboard will type out all the words for you to understand them. Therefore, that is how the words are written in the Book of Revelation, shorthanded and coded. Furthermore, in the Book of Revelation, each statement is written in different phrases and each phrase has their own coding. And, the things that are written are striking more and causing more trouble in the last days of time, but it is not the final ending as yet. Book available in print and on all devices.