Happy Mind, Happy LifeFrom the Wall Street Journal bestselling author of Unlimited Memory comes a new book on finding happiness in life using the power of your mind.The search for happiness is fundamental for all humans, and the answers lie within the depths of your mind.What is happiness? What causes it? How do you hold onto it? What makes it go away?These questions have led to many philosophical debates over thousands of years. The philosophers of Greece were famous for their quest to define the pillars of "the good life." Faith-based movements have painstakingly crafted dogmas and prescribed behaviors in pursuit of ultimate peace and joy. Academic studies have been concentrated on finding the answer to "the optimal life experience."Governments have professed to craft policies to promote the overall well-being of their citizens. Every day, ordinary dinner table discussions are, at heart, a dialogue in search of a happy life.Happiness is Unique to YouWhat makes one person happy may make another miserable. There is no one key to happiness for everyone. Instead, the answers lie within you.In The Happy Mind, you'll learn to find your own personal answers to your most important questions. What makes you happy? What changes can you make to bring more happiness into your life? And how can you let go of old habits, beliefs, and situations that no longer fulfill you?The aim of this book is not to push a specific definition of happiness. Instead, you'll discover valuable insights that will allow you to create lasting happiness instead of being driven by short-term pleasure-seeking.In this book you will learn:How people look for happiness in all the wrong places, and how you can avoid these "happiness traps" that keep you stuck and unfulfilled Why most people mistake pleasure for happiness, and how this simple mistake causes you to lose sight of what really matters to you The nine common qualities that super happy people share (and how you can apply them to brighten up your life) The key traits of unhappiness (and the most important behaviors you should avoid) Many easy-to-grasp suggestions that can be viewed daily to enhance your capacity to live a happy life.Give Yourself the Gift of The Happy MindThe Happy Mind is your roadmap to living a happy life, custom-designed just for you.Scroll up and click the "Buy Now" button to get started.