Let’s face it. Most events are boring. But they don’t have to be. This highly actionable, fast-reading guide is chock-full of unconventional, un-borifying tools, ideas and strategies to help you design more captivating and unmissable events for less money and in less time.Whether a veteran, newbie or “accidental” event planner, you’ll learn fresh strategies to smartly select speakers, manage logistics, set a content road map, as well as plan and execute rave-worthy events of all types. Inspired by decades of delivering everything from large-scale corporate events to multiple TEDx gatherings, this fun, practical book will transform how you plan your next event—no matter how large or small.“Any event can become irresistibly engaging. This book will show you how.”—SALLY HOGSHEAD, New York Times-bestselling author and CEO of How to Fascinate®“...Fun, creative and pragmatic insights on the why and how of strategic event design...” —LORIE THOMAS, Certified Meeting Professional, Certified Meeting Manager, Executive at SHW in Seattle, WA“The tips and tools in this guide will make any event more impactful and engaging.” —BRIGETTE GROSS, Corporate Events ManagerA sampling of what you’ll learn in this guide… + Why are some events memorable while others are forgotten immediately? + How can you conquer distraction and truly engage participants? + What does it really take to uncover the most inspiring speakers, negotiate their participation and create a memorable event? + What do TED Talks teach us about events? + How can your events be more innovative? + How can you handle logistics like a pro—and manage unrealistic timelines, implausible goals and results-hungry stakeholders? + What if attendees remember nothing? It’s highly probable unless you do something different. + How can you “think outside the slide”?BONUS: This guide also gives readers quick and easy access to robust online resources, including a reusable Content Map, videos and planning templates that streamline and simplify event planning.