Real people. Real sin. Transformed lives. A compilation of heartfelt letters written from a pastor to his people that explains Jesus' work on the cross.Death by Love is a unique book on the cross of Jesus Christ. While many books debate the finer points of the doctrine of the atonement, what is often lost are the real-life implications of Jesus' death on the cross for those who have sinned and have been sinned against. Written in the form of pastoral letters, Death by Love outlines the twelve primary effects of Jesus' death on the cross and connects each to the life of a different individual.Driscoll, one of America's most influential pastors, and Breshears, a respected theologian, help readers understand, appreciate, and trust in Jesus' work on the cross in a way that will transform their lives. Both deeply theological and intensely practical, this book shows how everyone can find hope through the death of Jesus Christ."This book is brutally honest about sin and suffering, and wonderfully hopeful as it points us to our true Savior."Timothy S. Lane, Executive Director, Christian Counseling and Educational Foundation"The stories portrayed in the chapters of this book are all too real, but more importantly, the pastoral responses offer riveting applications of the cross for true and lasting transformation."Bruce A. Ware, Professor of Christian Theology, The Southern Baptist Theological Seminary"Practical and powerful. It applies the sufficiency of Jesus to the real-life challenges we face in the church every day. If you work with hurting people you need Death by Love."Dan Jarrell, Teaching Pastor, ChangePoint Church, Anchorage, Alaska"A key reason for my confidence in this book is its brilliant presentation of the historic theology of the cross and how it defends reprehensible attacks against it."Gregg R. Allison, Associate Professor of Christian Theology, The Southern Baptist Theological Seminary"The authors connect squarely with our ever-changing culture, declaring the central doctrine of Jesus' death and why it is important."Bill Mounce, President, BiblicalTraining.org