It is remarkable that for all the ink spilled in examining Reconstruction, relatively few studies address the central role of the Union Army in enforcing postwar federal policy. Even fewer studies discuss the Posse Comitatus Act. Passed in 1878, after the election of President Rutherford B. Hayes and the Compromise of 1877, the Posse Comitatus Act was the Democratic Congresses coup de grace to military Reconstruction. The crux of the statute forbade the military from engaging in civil law enforcement. Emboldened by both its numerical strength and a weakening Republican commitment to a forceful federal presence in the former Confederacy, the Democratic majority hoped the Act would prevent the military from reprising its role as the enforcer of the Reconstruction amendments and federal laws designed to protect the civil rights of emancipated blacks.This Article examines the background and passage of this long-neglected legislation. First, the common law origins of the posse comitatus are recounted to provide a jurisprudential background to illuminate the 1878 statute. This expansive history figured prominently in the legislative debates and therefore, the conceptual development of the posse comitatus is important to understanding arguments for and against the eventual bill. Second, the Article offers an abbreviated history of military Reconstruction, focusing on the aspects most galling to Southern (and some Northern) Democrats. It is demonstrated that the lived experience of military occupation and law enforcement helped spur passage of the Act. Third, the congressional debate over the Posse Comitatus Act in the late spring and early summer of 1878 is closely scrutinized. The legislative clash over the Act offers an insightful window into the politics and ideology swirling around military Reconstruction, yet this debate has rarely, if ever, been given close attention. The admittedly ambitious goal of this Article is to rectify this situation by providing an understanding of the intellectual motivations for a frequently misperceived—and a misconceived—Act. Finally, the Article closes with a brief summation of the legacy of the Posse Comitatus Act, as well as a description of its effect on Reconstruction. The overarching argument of this Article is that although the Posse Comitatus Act is often portrayed as a noble effort by civilian authorities to rein in a reckless military, in reality it was passed to legislatively end Reconstruction and stymie the constitutional progress of the era.