Divorce...a term that denotes separation or dividing asunder a relationship that was once, more than likely, friendly and loving. No one starts into a meaningful marriage or co-existence expecting to one day face the bitter challenge of a divorce. It often comes on the heels of infidelity, lost trust, disavowed love, or a thousand other reasons, but regardless of the cause the end result is often despair, sadness, and a sense of loss.Such feelings are normal, especially if the relationship has spanned many years.
  Happy Divorce
 is a hands-on roadmap for anyone negotiating the brutal minefield of separation and divorce. It has been written to help individuals sort out who they are and what the future holds for them, following a necessary divorce. In the pages of this remarkably understanding guide, discover the essence of true happiness and unleash the power to liberate one's mind and mend a broken heart. Writer and relationship counselor, Rossana Condoleo, inspires and uplifts, helping people see to the future rather than mourn the past. Her book has the specific goal of helping companions, suffering the strain of divorce, to avoid pitfalls and mistakes that are all too common. Coaching and empowering individuals to take charge of their life, and circumstances, builds greater self-confidence and will prevent the need to ever look back and utter the words, "If only I had known." The guide delivers a two-part approach, as illustrated below: Part One: (Emotional Focus)- How to cope with the stress and pain of divorce.- Ease frustration and regain a sense of control over your life and future.- Focus on setting new, attainable goals in every aspect of your life.- Don't give up on your visions - dare to dream again.- Discover life's harmony and inner balance that will lead to long-term happiness.- And much, much more...Part Two: (Advice for dealing with the sensitive challenges associated with divorce)- Managing social life (as a separated/divorced person), as well as contacts and relationships with ex-husband/wife and their family/friends.- Uncover the beauty that lies within, and heal both body and spirit.- Helping children understand while looking after their best interests.- Taking care of a home on your own.- Choosing a divorce lawyer: what to ask and expect.- Getting back to dating and all it implies.- And again, much more pertinent information...Anyone facing the rigors of divorce, regardless of how amicable it may seem, will have unique hurdles to overcome. They are inevitable, but facing them with hope, humor, and courage can make all the difference for everyone involved. Life goes on...it must. Approach the breakup with Ms. Condoleo in your corner and give your life, and your future, a fighting chance. Download or purchase a copy of Happy Divorce today and begin the process of healing. Being elevated with positive, straightforward, helpful advice is all anybody needs to put them on the road to lasting happiness and a 'new' life, filled with achievement and greater fulfillment. Divorce may be messy...but it need not mess you up.