The world’s fate lies with a comatose young girl; an android wants to remember a human she once knew under Martian skies; men at sea learn that the ocean is a realm far different from land, where an unforgiving god rules; a school security guard discovers extreme English class; and a man understands what the behemoth beneath the sea commands of him.The Sea Was a Fair Master is a collection of 23 stories, riding the currents of fantasy, science fiction, crime, and horror. There are tales of murder, death, loss, revenge, greed, and hate. There are also tales of hope, survival, and love.For the sea was a fair master.“A collection of dark and fierce flash. Demmer’s short tales of horror and the weird will delight, disturb, and unsettle readers.” — Maria Haskins, author of Dark Flash“Calvin Demmer has a lean writing style that is delicious in collections. These short stories deliver punches to the reader and then end before a recovery is possible!” — Somer Canon, author of Killer Chronicles“THE SEA WAS A FAIR MASTER is a literary kaleidoscope made from flesh with razor-sharp fragments twisting inside to form a bloody trunkful of blending images and genres, sci-fi and crime and horror mix to reveal vignettes as terse and surprising as a night of binge-watching The Twilight Zone. Demmer leaves no fear untouched – sharks and clowns and serial killers pepper these stories, daring the reader to turn the page, not knowing what fresh horror awaits them. A strong debut by a masterful new voice in horror. Don’t miss it.” — Philip Fracassi, author of Behold the Void“Demmer’s debut moves like a rabid dog straining against its chain. Each story hits like a flash of sharp teeth, every tale snarling with its own sudden bite. This is an engaging first collection from a versatile new talent.” — Karen Runge, author of Seeing Double“Connection. Disconnection. Loneliness. Love. Friendship. Murder. These are but a few of the elements of great horror, and Calvin Demmer expertly blends each one into his fiction—to a supremely devastating and unsettling effect.” — Gwendolyn Kiste, author of And Her Smile Will Untether the Universe