FROM THE AUTHOR OF THE INTERNATIONALLY RENOWNED SILISTRA QUARTET.  The cruisers called.  She answered.  Cruiser Dreams, Book II in the three-book Kerrion Empire saga Cruiser Dreams . . . She is heir to an empire beyond all imagining, where interstellar cruisers have become increasingly sentient and man's role among the stars is transformed.  In this epic of political treachery, interstellar security, human passion, and artificial intelligence, Morris continues the saga of the fiery girl Shebat, stolen away from a decaying and primitive Earth to become the adoptive heir to the Kerrion Empire. Molded to serve the designs of the Kerrion state, Shebat instead becomes the harbinger of change sweeping the civilized stars.  Against the chaotic background of simultaneous social and technological revolutions, Shebat struggles to face the fact that the man she loves is her implacable enemy, that the man she reluctantly married is perhaps her only ally, and that her space-faring cruiser may be her only true friend. Praise for Dream Dancer (use font from Dream Dancer cover) Book I in the three-part saga of the Kerrion Empire:  "A fascinating and lyrical story, told with great invention..." - Peter Straub, author of Shadowland and Ghost Story  "Not since Dune have we witnessed a power struggle of such awesome intensity!" Eric Van Lustbader, author of The Ninja and The Bourne Legacy.  Praise for Cruiser Dreams::  "Packed with intrigue, spiced with romance . . ." -- Publishers Weekly  "Fascinating . . . Recommended!" -- Booklist   Janet Morris is an international best-selling author who lives with her husband on Cape Cod.  Everything you've seen or read till now took you only to the brink . . .  Neither pure fantasy, nor straight science fiction, nor earthbound dynastic saga, Dream Dancer is a stunning amalgam of all three. It is a family saga with the epic appeal of Dune and the action and excitement of Star Wars. It is a saga of love, power and treachery that will appeal to men and women equally; full of action, compulsively readable and quite unlike anything being published in the realms of fantasy today.  The heroine, Shebat, is a remarkable girl from Earth. She is brought to the vast empire of the Kerrion family by a renegade son; named as its future ruler on a whim of his autocratic father; abducted to the slums where the Kerrions' slaves drug themselves with powerful mystical sorcery; and finally rescued to take part in a great rebellion. She falls in love with one brother but marries another and becomes more Kerrion than some born to the name. A magical seductress of men, passionate in her lust for power, Shebat moves among those who control the destinies of millions, for whom treachery and betrayal are as easy as murder.  Set in the timeless future on a primitive, savage Earth and on the sophisticated habitats of deep space, Dream Dancer is the first volume of a three-part saga. . "Not since Dune have we witnessed a power struggle of such awesome intensity. Dream, Dancer may well be the I, Claudius of fantasy novels. A literary feast!" - Eric Van Lustbader, author of The Ninja . "Dream Dancer is a fascinating and lyrical story, told with great invention . . ." -- Peter Straub, author of Ghost Story . "The pacing is brisk; fascinating concepts abound." -- Booklist 