The Kearney Brothers from Ireland are riding into Bear Creek … and into your heart!Tessa MandelThe catcalls and whistles get old, but cowboys are a necessary evil when you work at the Bear Creek Rodeo. While rodeo life isn’t for me, it’s the only thing supporting my secret side career. I live a double life, but I know my dream of returning to the big city is close to becoming reality. If being an orphan has taught me anything, it’s that you can’t count on anyone but yourself. Working for the rodeo brings many distractions and I can’t afford the complications that come with sliding between the sheets with a smooth talker in tight jeans and a cowboy hat. I have big plans for myself and none of them include being charmed by any of these cowboy Casanovas.But then I meet the infamous Rhett Kearney, who makes my stomach flutter by just saying my name. One kiss from his gorgeous Irish lips turn my world upside down and my panties inside out. My timeline doesn’t include falling for a handsome cowboy… but it might be too late for that. Rhett KearneyAs one of the top bronc riders in the world, I’m no stranger to hard work that draws out blood, sweat and tears. Every time I leave Ireland to compete, I feel the weight of my birthright square on my shoulders, but nothing compares to the roar of a crowd when I climb onto that bucking horse, riding it as hard as I can for those eight seconds. The goal has always been the same — compete in US National Rodeo Finals and make as much money as I can. It’s a race against time, as age is not your friend when you are a professional cowboy. So I don’t waste my time chasing skirts and getting tangled up with a pretty face who’s looking for her next meal ticket out of town. But I couldn’t prepare myself for the sassy Tessa Mandel or the punch to the gut when I see her beautiful baby blue eyes flare with desire, making me want to risk it all for one more taste of her honeysuckle kisses.I didn’t travel halfway around the world to lose. I’m taking home my grand prize… she just doesn’t know it’s her yet.