Lose yourself in this beautiful romantic comedy set in a land of sleigh rides, sparkling starry skies and gingerbread cottages. Perfect for fans of Karen Swan, Katie Fforde and Jill Mansell.  Christmas is coming but it doesn’t feel that way for Esme Greenwood. Recently jilted by her cheating fiancee Warren, she’s had enough of London life and escapes to Thimble Cottage in the Peak District, home of her beloved grandmother Matilda.  While Esme mourns for the wedding she’ll never have, Matilda puts her granddaughter back together again with comforting words and generous helpings of fruitcake and together, they plan the trip of a lifetime, to Lapland to see the northern lights, somewhere Matilda has always dreamt of going.  But tragedy strikes and when Matilda dies, Esme screws up the courage to go on the trip on her own to honour her beloved grandmother’s wishes. At the airport she meets a motley crew of characters including Zach, a handsome, brooding, out-of- work actor and together they set off for an adventure.  Beneath the indigo skies of Lapland, Esme and Zach grow closer. But when Esme is bombarded by messages from Warren promising he’s changed and she discovers that Zach is hiding something very significant - will her head be turned? And when a trip to the northern lights reveals the full extent of Zach’s own secret past, is there any hope that Esme will get the happy ending that her grandmother wished for her?  Readers love Tilly Tennant’s books!  This is a truly wonderful story!!... It’s a story of friendship, love, family and of course Christmas!! … Fabulous!! Five Big Fat Vintage Stars!!’ Stardust Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘Oozing with Christmas charm, this is the perfect book to add to your holiday reads!’ Darcy’s Book Blog, 4 stars  ‘A wonderful book that had me smiling and laughing…I can't wait for A Cosy Candlelit Christmas.’ Rachel’s Random Reads, 5 stars  ‘This was my first Christmas book of the season and it’s a fabulous start. It made me fall in love with Tilly Tennant and I’m really excited for Christmas already. The storyline had me smiling throughout, gave me a warm feeling and the writing adds so many sparks… I enjoyed every second of it.’ Simona’s Corner of Dreams, 5 stars  ‘I am a massive fan of Tilly Tennant's books so jumped at the chance to get my hands on this brand-new release!... After the first few pages I was hooked! I love the writing style and the characters were just superb - the plot was brilliant and I loved the ending too - it really is the most delightful story!!... Grab yourself a nice warm drink and curl up ready to feel all warm and cosy inside - no hesitation in giving this a massive five shiny stars!!’ Donnas Book Blog, 5 stars  ‘What a fabulous book! I'm a huge fan of the Tilly Tennant books, she's quickly becoming my favourite cosy writer!... I highly recommend this story if you're looking for a nice cosy read this winter!’ Caoimhas Books and Lit, 5 stars  ‘The storyline had me smiling throughout... I adored the quirkiness of it and the characters.