Now a special edition with an all-new wedding epilogue! Prince Maxon may be twenty-two years old now, but he’s still haunted by his boyhood abduction and torture in Hell. To deal with his past, Maxon limits his present-day activities to killing demons and seducing women. No long-term relationships. No combat too dangerous. No problem, right? Wrong. Maxon’s life has stalled out. The old thrills aren't there anymore, either on the battlefield or in the bedroom. While staking out his next fight, Maxon meets what seems like just another girl after a good time. What he gets is a close encounter with Lianna, a lady warrior with ties to the mysterious elemental rulers called the monarkki. It’s love at first fight. Trouble is, Lianna’s running from a dark history of her own, and her elemental enemies are closing in. When Lianna gets taken, Maxon realizes that after years of wrong choices and dead ends, the right woman is worth risking it all..."I love how Bauer manages to add some awesome new world building to each of her books." - Molly M, RiffleAngelbound OriginsIn which Myla Lewis kicks ass and takes names. Nuff said.1. Angelbound2. Scala  3. Acca  4. Thrax 5. The Dark Lands 6. The Brutal Time (Fall 2019)7. Armageddon (already here, long story!) 8. Quasi Redux (Fall 2020) Angelbound OffspringThe next generation takes on Heaven, Hell, and everything in between1. Maxon 2. Portia3. Zinnia (Summer 2019)4. Rhodes (Dec 2019) 5. Kaps (Summer 2020)6. Huntress (Summer 2021) Angelbound LincolnAngelbound Origins as told by Prince Lincoln1. Duty Bound2. Lincoln3. TrickstersAlso From Christina Bauer- Fairy Tales of the Magicorum, a series of modern fairy tales with sass, action, and romance- Beholder, where a medieval farm girl discovers necromancy and true love - Dimension Drift,  a dystopian adventure with science, snark, and hot aliens Don’t Miss OutGet your FREE copy of Christina’s novella, BEVERLY HILLS VAMPIRE, when you sign up for her personal newsletter: https://tinyurl.com/bauersbooks ***Not available in stores***