‘Daddy has been lying.’  Faye Townsend has planned the perfect summer trip for her family. But returning to the small seaside town her husband grew up in does not go to plan, the rain pours and the long days become stifling. And then the unthinkable happens…  Her husband Jake and her six-year-old son Dylan go for an early morning walk along the beautiful, windswept clifftops. They don’t come back.  As the hours tick by, Dylan’s red baseball cap is found on the beach and Faye finds herself being questioned by the police. They want to know everything about the man she married - is Faye ready to face her husband’s dark past? Or will she have to confront her own secrets first?  And just how far will a mother go to save her only child?  From the million-copy-bestselling author of The Secret Mother and The Perfect Family, this utterly gripping psychological thriller will make you gasp out loud as you race towards the unforgettable twist. If you loved The Girl on the Train and The Wife Before You this book is for you.  What readers are saying about Shalini Boland:  ‘Completely and utterly mesmerising!... I read it until the early hours… I literally couldn’t put it down!!… had my heart beating so fast I thought it would burst! The suspense and tension was amazing.’ Stardust Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘Without a doubt one of the best books I have read this year… truly a rollercoaster of a book that I couldn't put down… full of twists and turns until the very last page… superb.’ NetGalley reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Wow what a brilliant book… Deliciously dark and totally compelling it grips you from page one and then just messes with your head until the final pages… certainly a thrill of a ride with its twists and turns… Excellent.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘The perfect psychological thriller that will keep you guessing until the very end… I could feel the tension building… I felt myself wanting to scream… a twisted story that will leave your mouth hanging open. Oh that ending, you just wait for that ending!’ It’s All About the Thrill, 5 stars  ‘OMG The queen of killer twists has done it again!!... had me tearing through the pages… my heart was pounding. The story delivers lots of thrills right up until the last page… an exhilarating page turner of a read… will take you by surprise and have you hooked until the very last word.’ By the Letter Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘I literally had to pick my jaw up off the floor…!!!! This is a book that messes with your head (as I told a friend earlier!)… a perfect psychological thriller!!!... to say you’re going to thoroughly enjoy this one is an understatement... Hold onto your hats, you’re in for a hell of a ride!!!!’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars  ‘ALL the stars!!!...