Grief. We avoid talking about it. We avoid thinking about it. However, every one of us who lives long enough will experience it. Since you are reading this, you are likely experiencing grief at this moment. It is also likely you've given little thought as to how you were going to cope with grief when it came to you, and the pain caught you off guard.In Grief 2 Growth, Brian Smith explores what grief is, what you can expect while in grief, and how you can best cope with the universal human experience of grief. Grief is not an emotion. Grief is a container for a myriad of emotions that ebb and flow. Rather than a linear process, grief is more like a dance. Once Brian has explained what grief is and what you can expect from grief, Brian gives simple, practical methods for coping. You can do more than deal with grief. You can transform your pain into an opportunity for growth. When a great tragedy befalls us, we can see ourselves as either planted or buried. Being buried means we are done. Being planted means, we are in a position where growth is about to take place. Brian's approach to handling grief is rooted in a firm understanding of who we are as spiritual beings having a human experience.About The AuthorBrian became well acquainted with grief in 2015 after the sudden passing of his fifteen-year-old daughter Shayna. Brian first learned how to survive for the sake of his wife and surviving daughter. Brian studied in depth the nature of life and death and how to progress through grief. Currently, Brian does volunteer work with organizations dedicated to helping parents heal from the passing of a child. Brian also operates a life coaching and small business consulting practice. You can find Brian at www.grief2growth.com.iversal human experience of grief. Grief is not an emotion, grief is a container for a myriad of emotions that ebb and flow (credit to R. Glenn Kelly for this insight). Once he has explained what grief is and what you can expect from grief, Brian gives simple, practical methods you can use to not only cope with grief but to transform your grief into an opportunity for growth. When a great tragedy befalls us, we can see ourselves as either planted or buried. Brian's approach to handling grief is rooted in a firm understanding of who we are as spiritual beings having a human experience.About The AuthorBrian became well acquainted with grief in 2015 after the sudden passing of his fifteen-year-old daughter Shayna. After turning inward to learn how to survive for the sake of his wife and daughter, Brian turned outward. Brian studied in depth the nature of life and death and how to progress through grief. Turning outward, Brian does volunteer work with organizations dedicated to helping parents heal from the passing of a child and in a life coaching and small business consulting practice.