Blair had stopped crying. There was no window, the walls were smooth and it was quiet. She didn’t want to be alone. But she didn’t want him to come back.  When eleven-year-old Blair Smearton is abducted near a river bank on the hottest day of the year, no-one can trace the man spotted taking her.  Detective Anna Gwynne is back at work with her cold case unit following a brutal attack that nearly cost her her life. She’s investigating the death of young Rosie Dawson, whose bones were found hidden in a hole in the ground ten years ago. At least avenging Rosie’s murder, focussing on her past, can help Anna ignore her own.  The only lead Anna has is a photo of Rosie posted on a chat room hidden deep online. And then she finds one of Blair. Kidnapped. In the exact same dark room. The same concrete walls. The same stony floor. The killer is bragging. No-one can trace the photo.  Blair’s time is running out. But Anna has a contact who knows the dark web better than anyone. He’s the key to finding those girls. Can Anna get his help to find Blair alive?  A heart-pounding thriller that will get right under your skin. If you love Karin Slaughter, Robert Dugoni and Angela Marsons you’ll love this killer crime thriller.   What readers are saying about Dylan Young:  ‘Absolutely brilliant!!! Such twists and turns!!! I was on the edge of my seat and just couldn't put it down!!! No way will you see the final twist... I'd give it more than five stars if I could!’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘Pulled me in from the start and just wouldn't let go. This is an incredibly gripping page-turner with a cast of truly fabulous characters… gets right under your skin… Incredibly compelling, it had me hooked.’ Novel Deelights  ‘I loved this book… I couldn’t put it down, I was hooked from the first page. Five star recommendation.’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘I absolutely devoured this book… full of twists and turns even right at the end… Definitely a must read for 2018! Can’t wait for the next one!’ Goodreads reviewer  ‘I was hooked right from the very first chapter… the pace never slows down... If you are looking for a new and refreshing detective series to follow, you should go meet Anna Gwynne!’ It’s All About Books  ‘Intense and gritty… The Silent Girls was a suspenseful and eerie ride, and a fantastic start to the series. I can’t wait for the next book!!’ Jenea’s Book Obsession  ‘Loved delving deep into the dark mind of a serial killer… The Silent Girls drips with intense and insatiable criminal desire, pulling you deeper into the darkest of minds.’ Sweet Little Book  ‘An impressive, addictive and compelling read from a master storyteller. Once I started this book, I could not bear to be parted from it… you dare not take a breath as the suspenseful story unfolds right up until the cinematic end.’ Renita D’Silva  ‘Phenomenal… The Silent Girls is a fantastic start to a new series full of vivid characters and a meaty plot that you wil