Ashley Moon is all set for a dream holiday with her daughter in the glittering French Riviera. But nothing can prepare her for the shock of discovering who’s staying in the villa next door…  Ashley Moon got much more than a suntan on her first ever foreign holiday; one whirlwind romance and nine months later she had a daughter,Molly.  Too heart-broken and proud to ever contact the father, Ashley made a decision to go it alone and raise her daughter herself. Fifteen hard and lonely years later, she finally has the chance to take Molly on her first ever holiday; a gorgeous, all-expenses paid trip to the charming French resort of St Raphael.  It is the perfect setting for a week of quality time together; they plan to cycle through the sun-drenched vineyards, lounge by the glistening pool and practice their French on friendly locals. And just when Ashley thought things couldn’t get any better, comes the news of a handsome new occupant to the villa next door.  But fate has other plans for Ashley. One look in to her neighbour’s dark hazel eyes is all it takes to give her the shock of her life. Standing in front of her is Haydon, Molly’s long lost father and the holiday fling she thought she’d never see again.  As the temperature on the Cote D’Azure steadily rises and Ashley and Haydon begin spend more and more time together, will Ashley find the courage to tell him who she is – and more importantly, who Molly is?  A wonderfully heart-warming story of first love and second chances for fans of Jenny Oliver and Lucy Diamond.  What readers are saying about Tilly Tennant:  ‘‘I just want to say how fantastic this book is … If you’ve not read any books by this author, why the heck not?! Do it now… you won’t regret it! I just love love loved it.’ StefLoz Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘I loved every minute of it... I was glued to my Kindle for a few days that's for sure!... really brilliant... will leave you hooked even after a few pages.’ The Cosiest Corner, 5 stars  ‘An absolute pleasure to read! ... Had me hooked right through to the last page! … A delightful story full of love, laughter and tears… Highly recommended!!’ Stardust Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘Wow absolutely wow... truly wonderful... you just fall into and lose yourself right from the very first page. Could not put it down. I loved everything about it.‘ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘I adored this wonderful heart-warming story that captured my soul and left me glued to my ereader and I didn't want the story to end. Alas, I'm now bereft and missing my dose of feel-good from Harper and her friends at Silver Hill Farm.’ Kraftireader, 5 stars  ‘You immediately feel right at home ... The descriptions of where Harper lives sound absolutely beautiful and immediately make you want to leave everything and go live there!  '... just keeps you guessing ... I’m looking forward to her next already.’ Broadbean’s Books 