 
  Falling in love was out of the question ... until it was the answer. 
  
 There is nothing Aeris St. Cloud wants more than to win her father's love and the acceptance of her family unit by joining the Military Academy at New Hope. But after she is captured by the fearsome space pirate, Captain Chainsword, Aerie is certain falling in love with her nation's arch enemy is the last possible way to earn their coveted esteem. Driven by vengeance, Exton Shepherd never set out to save anyone. As he circles the war-torn world in his pirated starship, the Perdition, he only sees his father's ghost lurking around every corner and the looming darkness on the horizon. When Aerie unexpectedly tumbles into his life, he finds he cannot trust her, anymore than he can ignore her. But just like the raging war down on Earth, it's tempting to think he can ... When the war ascends to the heights of the Perdition, Aerie's loyalty, and Exton's heart, are put to the test. But will love be enough to save them -- and others -- from certain destruction?FROM THE AUTHOR: The Heights of Perdition is the first book in the Divine Space Pirates trilogy, a futuristic romance series where family, faith, and freedom all take center stage. With religious and political themes, this is one book sure to entertain your mind as much as it stimulates your heart. Look for Book 2, The Breadth of Creation, as the story - and the war - continues on!
  

  FROM THE BOOK: 

  
  
    
  

  “Tell me your name. It’s a good place to start, don’t you think?”

  “I’ll never give you any information. How could I, knowing what I know about you?”

  “Perhaps there’s more to me than you realize.”

  “You’re a hateful monster! What else do I possibly need to know?”

  Aerie regretted her outburst less than a second later. The captain immediately left his chair and came close to her. Instinctively, she pulled back, but the pad behind her did not allow her to go far.

  As he drew near, she got a good look at his face; though no longer adorned with the pirate’s wig and beard, she could see he was still masked. The apathy, the cynicism, the playful whimsy—all of it hid a deep crevice of pain inside of him.

  The sudden urge to reach out and touch him shot through her. It was quickly followed by alarm and self-disgust.

  “From your comments, I would assume you have yet to learn a great many things,” he told her, his voice sharp.

  “What do you mean by that?” she asked, boldly meeting his gaze.

  “First, your name is no small matter," he said. "Destinies can be made and shaped by your name, though whether good or bad, it is up to you."

  He turned away from her abruptly and began pacing by her bed. Aerie listened to his steps resonate with certainty and distinctness, like a military cadence, as she tried to breathe properly.

  “Second,” he continued, glancing at her from over his shoulder, “Despite what you might think, I am not a monster; merely a man.”

  “I hardly see the difference,” she retorted, still rattled by his presence.

  “I would expect that, given your education with the URS. Over the past decade, your beloved Daddy Dictator has managed to ensure your education, rigorous as it is, consists of really only following instructions, repeating the lies they prefer to the truth, and ignoring any logic that would unravel them or undermine their authority.”

  

  

  WHAT REVIEWERS ARE SAYING: 
5 STARS! ~ Reader's Favorite Review Questions raised about government, religion, and human nature were peppered throughout the narrative, elevating The Heights of Perdition from a mere space fantasy to something much more thought-provoking. ~ Author Jess Jesinghaus 
  4th Place in Best RF Christian Sci-Fi &amp; Fantasy for 2018
  
