Do you struggle with getting your child to fall asleep?  In " The Rabbit Who Wants To Fall Asleep " you will follow Roger The Rabbit when he gets help from Uncle Yawn and other friends to fall asleep in the evening. Your child is quickly compelled by the story and falls asleep when you read it or after. The story is in a lovely way sleep-inducing and helps children all over the world to fall asleep.  This is a new safe and innovative way to help your child fall asleep and is recommended by psychologists and therapists. " The Rabbit Who Wants To Fall Asleep " will help you accomplish the task of getting your child to have its beauty sleep and sleep well all night.  " "Have you ever struggled to help your child get to sleep and wished that you had a magical spell? Carl-Johan's enchanting book will soon have your young ones dreaming." " - Matt Hudson, Bestselling author and psychotherapist  No need for How-to skills, it's as easy and simple as reading a normal bedtime story with improved language pattern that will help your child to relax and fall asleep. After massive feedback from parents all over the world it's safe to say that " The Rabbit Who Wants To Fall Asleep " is a quick and guaranteed way to help your child relax in the evening or during a nap.  This children's book will with ease help your child to fall asleep, at the same time its fun for you to read a bedtime story that's written in a special compelling way. While reading the kids book you can also enjoy the lovely pictures that improves the sleep-inducing state of the bedtime story. " The Rabbit Who Wants To Fall Asleep " also gives you opportunities to personalize the story by using the child's name and commit them even more to the story.  Make your evening routine to something special and loving; buy the " Rabbit Who Want's To Fall Asleep " today.  " "Use the story about The Rabbit Who Wants To Fall Asleep when exciting things are happening, or when something temporarily makes it difficult for your child to fall asleep." "  - Mikael Odhage, Psychologist 