There’s blossom in the trees and daffodils as far as the eye can see. Maddie is looking forward to a fresh start in the countryside, but there’s just one little problem…  Following a scandal at her high-flying PR agency, twenty-six-year-old Maddie flees London to help promote what she thinks is going to be a luxurious holiday retreat in the countryside. Everything is riding on her making a success of this new job…  Yet when she arrives, Maddie is horrified to find a rundown old farm in a terrible state. The brooding and secretive owner, Seth, spent all his money on leasing the land when he fell in love with the beautiful, dishevelled farm cottages and the very romantic story behind them.  When Maddie discovers an old painting by the original owner’s wife, she unlocks the secret of the farm’s history and quickly realises she must start getting her hands dirty if this very special place is going to have any chance of survival. As she and Seth begin working together, the stunning view from the top of the hill is not the only thing that’s leaving her breathless…  After weeks of hard work the dream looks like it might become a reality, until a secret from Maddie’s past threatens to snatch it all away again. Can Maddie find a way to save the business and herself? Will she finally find a place to keep her heart within the crumbling walls of the little cottage on the hill?  Perfect for fans of Jenny Colgan, Lucy Diamond and Debbie Johnson who are looking to escape to the countryside and fall in love watching the seasons change.   What readers are saying about Emma Davies:  ‘One of the most heartfelt and captivating books I have read this year. Beautifully emotional, this book has it all. Such a joy to devour and I recommend this book with all of my heart.’ The Writing Garnet, 5 stars  ‘This is the perfect read for book lovers everywhere… Books, friendship and a sprinkling of romance, the perfect feel good combo.’ Heidi Swain, author of Sleigh Rides and Silver Bells at the Christmas Fair  ‘What delightful treat the book was… in fact it was a warm hug of a story, a joy from beginning to end.’ Liz Fenwick, author of The Cornish House  ‘My favourite book of 2017. A must buy, must read for all. I have so much love for this book… I wanted to stay up late into the night just to finish it. Something that I haven’t wanted to do for a loooonnnnggg time… This book is simply magical. I laughed, I smiled and I cried. I was left with a massive smile on my face… I absolutely adored this book and it will get a massive 5 out of 5 from me.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘A real page turner and I read it in one sitting! At one point the tears were rolling down my face… This is the first book I've read from Emma and I can guarantee it won't be the last!’ The Introverted Mum, 5 stars  ‘A thoroughly delightful, warm read with an engaging cast of characters. You can't help but root for a happy ending!’ Talli Roland, author of The Pollyanna Plan  ‘This is a heart-warming book