Exposing the Inner Workings of a Fascist Indie Dictatorship by Dayne Edmondson  Book Review: Angels and Wormholes by David Schultz A review of the space opera title Angels and Wormholes reviewed by Paul Campbell Jr.  Beware the JubJub Bird by David Perlmutter In Anthropomorph, everything you thought was fake is real. If they don't stop this creature in its tracks, it will create real damage in our world...  Big Little Conn by Teel James Glenn There was something not quite right with the little Irishman named Little Conn, something that had a federal agent stumped. He always seemed to be in the middle of trouble yet there was no record that he ever existed.  Call Home by Steele Mimbs Sympathy and understanding can arrive from the strangest of places. This time, it came in the form of movie night through an empty avatar in her room at the inn with her boyfriend the NPC.  Casus Belli - by Jared J. Fleming A realistic game. Pain, hunger, thirst, and fatigue are felt just as real as the world outside. Once you die, you lose everything and are reduced to your original status. It won't show mercy and it does not suffer the weak to live.   The Lives and Time of the Domestic Cat - by L.N. Hunter What made the domestic cat what it is, a lazy, neurotic, enigmatic fur-ball with claws? Our heroine discovers their secret - and that she's ultimately responsible.  Elemental Chaser - by Kate Runnels Jack deals in elementals on a frontier world. How his apprentice hooked up with that shadier side, he is determined to find out and bring his apprentice home.  In A Time Past - by J.E. Deegan In a Time Past is a ghost story...but of an unusual type. It tells of a young girl who encounters a number of taxing events while in an orphanage during the late 1800s.  SciFan Preview: Last Days Forever - by Vanessa Knipe Chased through millennia by Guardian Angels, Time Cops and a hungry kitten, how can Jack reach his girlfriend Lizzie before she dies, again?  Nothing to See Here - by William Delman What’s so super about a world full of people with super powers? As far as one lawyer is concerned, the answer is “not much.”  Orbs of Trenihgea - by Newland Moon Zrahnz struggled to protect his people and reclaim his legitimacy as their ruler. Now, he has received the Rites of Heirdron to defend the Triax planets torn asunder by a corrupt galactic council, and the “shadow whisperers” who’ve manipulated them.  Requiem - by Mandi Jourdan A man accused of being possessed by an ancient evil force and banished from his homeworld returns to confront his accuser—his wife.  Safe Harbor - by D.C. Diamondopolous Safe Harbor is the tale of a young woman on a quest to find out the truth about herself after her mother's passing. What she learns causes her to make a life-changing decision.  Soraya: A Wielders of Arantha Prequel (Part Eight) - by Patrick Hodges The Welders of Arantha Prequel continues with part 8.  Stormguard: The Invisible War Part IX - by Tom Fallwell Zak and Uriel finally discover the true plot of the Fallen and what they have in store for mankind.  The Strange Times of Frank Locke - by David O’Hanlon Frank Locke isn't supposed to exist. That makes him the perfect, expendable, tool to ensure no one messes with the timeline except for his bosses in the distant future.