Committed trainers and owners can solve this problem! Treating separation anxiety in dogs is not quick or easy-but it can be done. The successful ingredients are cooperation, commitment and time on the part of the dog trainer and the owners. In this important new book, author Malena DeMartini-Price shares her 5 Phase Treatment Protocol and related strategies to help dogs overcome the fear of being left alone and addresses the trauma it can inflict on both the dog and their owners. Trainer handouts, detailed step-by-step training tips and a sample initial interview questionnaire are included.  Learn about:  - The critical role that "suspending absences" plays in the early part of the treatment plan and how owners and trainers can make this more manageable. - How dog trainers can make the treatment of separation anxiety in dogs a specialized business. - The role that management techniques and medications can play to help support the recommended behavior modification strategies. - How technology, including remote feeding devices and web cams, can be used to monitor a dog's progress in overcoming his fear of being left alone.  What experts are saying about Treating Separation Anxiety in Dogs:  This new book gives us all a road map, not just for assessing severity and hitting all the stops treatment-wise, but also for supporting clients through the process. Countless dogs will be saved from euthanasia or a life of perpetual misery.  Jean Donaldson, Founder and Director, The Academy for Dog Trainers, author The Culture Clash  An absolutely indispensable guide for anyone looking to make successful treatment of separation anxiety an integral part of their training business. There are many books all trainers should have on their bookshelves. This is one to keep on your desk. Veronica Boutelle, dog*tec founder, author How to Run a Dog Business  Two paws up! Separation anxiety is a major league problem affecting millions of dogs in this country and Malena's new book is recommended reading for anyone working with a dog affected with this disorder. The book includes useful information, pointers and advice so that owners can take steps to help their dogs better cope when they are left alone. Dr. Nicholas Dodman, Director of Animal Behavior Clinic, Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine at Tufts University, author The Dog Who Loved Too Much  Malena outlines in great detail one of the clearest and most comprehensive protocols for treating separation anxiety. This is the best single resource I have ever seen for dealing with this very common and serious problem. Ken Ramirez, Executive VP Animal Care &amp; Training, Shedd Aquarium, Chicago, IL