Sexy Single Dads. Strong Single Moms. With stories from 14 unbelievably talented authors: Whispered Prayers of a Girl by Alex Grayson A lonely man, a widowed woman, a carefree boy, and a broken girl... Can the four come together and help heal each other? Boss of Me by Angel Devlin Single dad Jude’s icy exterior keeps women at a safe distance; but fiery Pippa could be about to start a thaw... Heartbreaker by Anna Brooks She was never supposed to happen, and her baby girl sure as hell wasn't part of my plans. Chester by Esther E. Schmidt Some issues cut deep; they are hard to face and even harder to find a solution for. Ripple Effect by Evan Grace One night changed everything. When Hope Ends (Life Begins) by Freya Barker It’s the best day of his life—the worst of hers—when one moment in time leaves their paths unavoidably connected by the single heart beating between them. Just Because of You by Gianna Gabriela He broke me. I left. He stayed. Now I’m back. Fighting For Us by Heather Lyn She rescued me when I didn’t even know I needed saving. But now lives are on the line, and we might lose our forever, before we even get the chance to start. Resisting Rayne by HL Nighbor Their worlds collide and an unlikely friendship forms, but will they continue to fight the pull for something more or give into the pull and take a chance at love? Tempt Me by Kally Ash Temptation comes in many forms. Can Gianna or Max resist?Riddick by Kathy Coopmans Do you believe in heaven on earth? I did until one day, she vanished. Wicked Truths by L A Cotton The truth won’t fix anything... it’ll only hurt more. Won’t it? Hunter by Lauren Dawes A mate's death. A rogue wolf. A new life.THEN THERE WAS YOU features single parents who weren't looking—didn't need anyone—until the right someone came along. Experience the highs and lows of parenthood, love lost and gained, and new beginnings with this collection of stories. They’re sure to leave you with a full heart and a smile on your face. Available for a limited time. Proceeds will be donated to Family Promise, a non-profit organization which addresses family homelessness.