
  Only a broken thing can be reshaped. 
AnnaTomorrow, I will finally be free. Tomorrow, I turn twenty-one, which makes me an adult, and I will stop being a ward of the state. I have already packed most of my things and crammed them into my little red car. Tomorrow I will vanish into thin air for one last time, but I will take Sam with me.I was nine when my mother resurfaced and dragged me away from my grandparents and the life I knew to become a new member of my mother's egomaniac husband's Church of the Second Reckoning.I was fifteen when I was supposed to transcend into womanhood by said husband, Joshua. But his youngest son and eight years my senior, Sam, helped me escape the night before it could happen. He wasn't supposed to be left behind, while the men my grandparents dragged me away. He was supposed to be my first and my last, but instead his father shot him in front of me. I lost my grandparents only a year after, to a robbery gone wrong, that never was a robbery.I only leave death and destruction in my wake.SamaelSix years I have been waiting for this day. Six years I have spent planning every moment, every second she would live under my control. And now, now the day has finally come. She was nine, when she stepped out of that car and gave me a timid, trusting smile. I was a brother to her, a protector, a friend. I was seventeen. Anna was so much more to me back then. More than she should be.She was fifteen when she left me behind like a broken toy, shot, dying. And she never looked back. I have never stopped searching for her, looking for her, being punished for her, bleeding for her. When I was supposed to get her back it ended in disaster. I will not allow this to happen again. This time I will have my revenge, and she will have her punishment. She will return to my father's Church and finally wake.
  Disclaimer
This book is a standalone DARK Erotic Thriller, exclusively available on Amazon including Kindle Unlimited.It contains scenes such as murder, torture, and rape/ forced sex, as well as hinting disturbing topics that not are described in the book, such as different forms of child abuse.