Daydream Believers is the Compendium edition comprising - 'Insurrection', 'The Cull', 'Murder, Mayhem & Money'.Revolutionary pensioners, sexually predatory fat ladies, Machiavellian political schemers, a mad-eyed preacher, a chivalric knight, men at work, an avenging 'hand of god', a celebrity 'golden couple' jackpot winners and a homicidal diarist all combine to create an interwoven and entertaining story of modern-day BritainMurder, Mayhem & moneyFirst published in 'Daydream Believers'.Two childhood friends' lives are thrown into disarray by a chance encounter in a brothel. What harm can it do? The young men disagree on the resolution to their problems but in the end fate, and Granddad, take a hand with disastrous consequences. There's the struggling middleclass couple, beaten down by debt, and their 3 troublesome teenage children. Then they hit the jackpot and win big on the lottery. Are their troubles over? Or have they only just begun?Four young boys; wannabe footballers, avid gamers, best mates, up for anything. Anything? Some things are best left alone but maybe they'll find that out too late.The workmen; a motley band of 'highway technicians' arguing about everything from politics, religion and sex. Sometimes they lift a shovel and break sweat. There's the depressed office worker, worn down by the monotony of life. Then he helps an old foe commit suicide. From this point on he goes on a killing spree, intent on ridding the world of the greedy elites.There's the ultimate celebrity couple; the famous football star and the model. It should be paradise. But is it? Can money truly be the answer?The CullFirst published in 'Daydream Believers''Peak Oil' is the point at which the supply of oil cannot match the global demand, the point of economic Armageddon.To save their fortunes, their social positions in the world and to forestall the crisis the elites contrive a plan to reduce the global population in the west, where demand for oil is at its highest, and to pin blame on Islamists and North Korea. Can anyone stop them? Who would even know to try?InsurrectionFirst published in 'Daydream Believers'Comfortably ensconced in Eden Hall Retirement Village, long-time friends and ex-army buddies, Alb and Gerry bicker happily with their geriatric cohabiters. Gradually the bickering turns sour as they mourn the loss of a world they knew, and start to curse the new age of greed, selfishness and national betrayal.Intent on 'doing their bit' before they die they hit on a plan to remove their corrupt leaders and set the country free.The result is irreverent and darkly funny; a bitter sweet exploration of living life to its fullest.