It is commonly asserted that the United States government is ineffective in addressing major social needs. Such criticisms have come from widely varying political perspectives and have focused on a host of problems confronting the nation. One prominent critique holds that the government's asserted ineffectiveness derives from its constitutional structure. This critique takes particular aim at the separation of powers between the legislative and executive branches. It contends that the division of authority built into our institutions interferes with efficacious governance.A leading expression of this structural approach may be called the parliamentary critique of the separation of powers. I will use this term to refer to critics who seek to modify our constitutional structure in the direction of a parliamentary system. In particular, the critics of concern here admire the British system. The parliamentary critics with whom I will deal tend to admire the strength of the British Prime Minister as compared with what they see as the relative weakness of the United States President. In particular, the British chief executive does not face an independent legislative branch that regularly pursues its own agenda. To be sure, the British Parliament can vote no confidence in the Prime Minister and thereby can force a resignation or a new election. Yet in Britain this is hardly a common occurrence. Moreover, a parliamentary system can be an extremely weak form of government if a prime minister's power depends on a shaky coalition of divergent parties. In modern Britain, however, there has been a rather strong two-party system along with a winner-take-all electoral arrangement that has tended to guarantee that one of the two leading parties—Labour or the Conservatives—will dominate Parliament.My objective is to place the parliamentary critique of the separation of powers into critical perspective. First, I will trace the repetitive ways in which parliamentary critics over the years have blamed political problems in the United States on constitutional realities. Second, I will critically assess the view's empirical and normative premises.