 Small Batch Preserving Year Round    Making your own jams, jellies, conserves and marmalades can be a wonderfully satisfying hobby. You can make a small batch of goodies is as little as 30 to 60 minutes. A few of the recipes take longer to make, but that is usually in cooking time during which you can be doing some other kitchen related task.  Depending on the availability of ingredients you may be able to create a batch for nothing or next to nothing. You can take advantage of your own garden, goodies from friends and neighbors or wild fruits and berries. You can also wait until fruits are in season and buy them at bargain prices.  One of the most wonderful aspects of small batch preserving is that you can do it year round. In today's supermarkets and farmer's markets you can almost always find some fruit that is in season. If not, there is the frozen fruit aisle which normally has a variety of different fruits and berries available year round.   Ten great reasons for making it yourself  1. You can save money. Lots of money! You can often make your own preserves for next to nothing, or if you follow the frugal tips, you can make a batch of jams or jellies for exactly $zero dollars!  2. You will know exactly what ingredients are the jar. No weird, unpronounceable or dangerous chemicals.  3. It is incredibly satisfying to turn a batch of mundane ingredients into a gourmet goodie that would cost $8 or more if purchased from a specialty store.  4. It is FUN! Whip up a small batch of jam while making supper.  5. You can make low-cost gifts that impress recipients with your skill, caring and derring-do! They will think you spent hours, no need to tell them it only took you 30 minutes.  6. You can create goodies that are NOT available commercially.  7. You can make jams, jellies, conserves or marmalades year round.  8. You can become eco-friendly. Jars can be recycled dozens and dozens of times. AND you can rescue used jars from friends, neighbors and the recycling center.  9. You can spend quality time together with friends.  10. Teach your children to make preserves. Not only will you be teaching them a life-time skill but you will be spending quality time with them creating their favorites. Imagine them giving Grandma a jar of her favorite gourmet marmalade.    51 Recipes   16 Jam Recipes 10 Marmalade Recipes 7 Conserve Recipes 18 Jelly Recipes   Tags: jam, jelly, conserve, marmalade, jams, jellies, conserves, marmalades, canning, putting up, preserves, preserving, small batch, gel stage, recipes, berries, fruits, pectin 