 Becoming an author is as simple as adjusting your mindset and modifying the skills you already have. Get the knowledge you need to achieve your dream today. Do you feel as if your life’s purpose is to become an author and share the stories in your head with the rest of the great wide world? Do you long to write the next great American novel? You might already have a couple books under your belt, but want to take your productivity, talent, and marketing efforts to the next level. Maybe you’re just getting started as an author and feel lost in the multitude of tasks awaiting you. Or perhaps you’re stuck at square one, having no idea what to do, where to go, or even if you should be writing at all. The Author Mindset is here to help! In just a few short hours, you’ll learn the essentials required of the professional author. You’ll learn more than how to put words on the page; you’ll learn how to get into the mindset of an author and live there, carving out your niche in the literary world. With this guide, you will learn how to: 
   Spot the difference between authors and everyone else 
   Set specific and attainable goals for your career 
   Work effectively with the time you have 
   Improve your writing skills 
   Create a professional product 
   Leverage your author brand 
   Build an author website 
   Identify the DOs and DON’Ts of social media 
   Become a part of the online author and reader community 
   Get started as a professional author TODAY 
 We also offer 5 exclusive freebies for readers of this book! Our Guarantee: Tired of sifting through book marketing guides that focus more on the author’s life story than on advice you can apply to your career? Or, worse still, advice guides that are really meant for nonfiction authors and have precious little information for novelists? What about when an entire book reads as nothing more than a pitch for the author’s services or other books in his series?We’re tired of it too. Every Novel Publicity Guide to Writing &amp; Marketing Fiction is focused on you. Whether you’re an aspiring novelist who’s still trying to figure all this out or an established novelist doing your best to stay up-to-date with the hottest marketing tactics of the day, this book will deliver tons of action-packed advice you can put into practice today. Are you ready to get started?  
   Download now and discover your brand TODAY! 
   Scroll to the top of the page and select the BUY button. 
  