 FRESH FEAR: An Anthology of Macabre Horror* is a collection of horror from some of the genre's best writers of dark fiction.  In the introduction, a selection from W.J. Renehan's The Art of Darkness: Meditations on the Effect of Horror Fiction, we are reminded that, "Horror serves to reconnect us with our primal selves, provides temporary respite from the droning conditions of modern life."  With over 450 pages, Fresh Fear is packed with stories written by both masters and up-and-coming maestros of the horror genre. Tales steeped in psychological horror sit alongside visions of strange worlds and fantastical landscapes drenched in blood. 'Quiet horror' sits comfortably next to more visceral portrayals of the monsters that lurk deep within the human heart. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, famously once said, "where there is no imagination there is no horror" - the horror expressed by the authors in Fresh Fear show that imagination is indeed tantamount to excellent story-telling.  Prepare yourself for 28 tales of fear-inducing horror from some of today's best authors of dark fiction.  Authors/Stories  Scathe meic Beorh – God of the Wind Robert Dunbar – High Rise Ramsey Campbell – Welcomeland Lily Childs – Strange Tastes Lincoln Crisler – Nouri and the Beetles Jack Dann – Camps Thomas Erb – Spencer Weaver Gets Rebooted Brandon Ford – Scare Me Carole Gill – Raised Lindsey Beth Goddard – The Tooth Collector JF Gonzalez – Love Hurts Dane Hatchell – ‘takers Charlee Jacob – Inside the Buzzword Box K Trap Jones – Demon Eyed Blind Tim Jones – Protein James Ward Kirk – Block Roy C Booth &amp; Axel Kohagen – Just Another Ex Shane McKenzie – So Much Death Shaun Meeks – Perfection Through Silence Adam Millard – The Incongruous Mr Marwick Christine Morgan – Nails of The Dead Billie Sue Mosiman – Verboten Chantal Noordeloos – The Door Don Noble – Psych WH Pugmire – Darkness Dancing in Your Eyes William Todd Rose – The Grave Dancer EA Irwin – Justice through Twelve Step Anna Taborska – Out of the Light   *WARNING: R 18+ - Contains graphic scenes of violence and psychological horror. Not suitable for younger readers.    Keywords  Horror Psychological Horror Fantasy Horror Dark Fiction Literary Horror Genre Fiction Horror Anthology Modern Gothic Horror Contemporary Horror Adult Horror Fiction 