A spectacular and original novel based on the epic comics series that forever changed the universe of Superman and Batman by the man who created the original tale! The original ibooks hardcover edition sold out and went into a second printing. Cover by popular artists Alex Ross and George Perez. Still high demand for the novel. Original story has been revisited by DC Comics, and the book is big news in comics. For fans of the DC Superhero Universe. Trapped in a timeless limbo, Barry Allen, the Flash, can only watch in silent and helpless horror as, one by one, countless universes fade from existance in order to feed the insatiable need for power of the Anti-Monitor, a being from the anti-matter universe of Qward. Under the guidance of the Monitor, his benevolent opposite, the super-heroes and villains of all realities are brought together for a last, desperate stand against the forces that promise the literal end of all existance. Crisis on Infinite Earths was a comic book maxiseries that set the tone for every superhero crossover storyline that followed it. An epic adventure that featured every character ever published by DC Comics, and which reinvigorated the Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman franchises. A story so big that not every angle of it could be covered in a single graphic novel. And now, Marv Wolfman, the creator of that series, has returned to bring an entirely new dimension to it in an original novel that expands upon the acclaimed series. Marve Wolfman has had an award-winning career in comic books that has spanned five decades. He is the creator of some of comics' most memorable characters, including The New Teen Titans (with artist George Perez), Nightwing, Deathstrokethe Terminator, and Vigilante for DC Comics, and Blade the Vampire Slayer, Nova, Bullseye, and Black Cat for Marvel Comics. Marv has written virtually every character at DC and Marvel, including Suprman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Spider-Man, and the Fantastic Four, as well as Howard the Duck newspaper comic strip, numerous live action and animated TV shows (including the recent Teen Titans on Cartoon Network), children's books, novels, and stage shows. Among his many accomplishments was a stint as Marvel's editor-in-chief, a DC Comics senior editor, one of the founding editors of Disney Adventures Magazine, as well as a 16-year run as the writer of The New Titans, and an unforgettable 70-issue run on Marvel's Tomb of Dracula. He was the writer of the classic history-changing miniseries Crisis on Infinite Earths from which this novel is adapted. Crisis on Infinite Earths is Marv's fourth novel.