 Learn How a Simple App Can Organize Your Life  Do you have way too much on your plate? Start getting things done with ease using S.J. Scott's actionable guide that has over 100 five-star Amazon reviews! Between work, TV, social media, and advertising, life feels too crazy to keep track of what's truly important. Organizing ideas and taking action seems impossible in a noisy, busy world. Finally, there's a way to fix this problem without breaking the bank: The Evernote App. 
  Evernote is the Solution to "Life Clutter"
You used to need a complex filing cabinet system and top-notch organizational skills to keep up with all your "life clutter." You hoped to organize your important facts, thoughts, and ideas through a series of notebooks and scraps of paper. When you learn how to use Evernote, however, you can leave those disorganized days in the past. Evernote is both the perfect idea capturing mechanism and a place to store all of your important thoughts, documents, and future plans. In S.J. Scott's latest habit book, Master Evernote, you'll learn how to replace your old outdated system and move into the future of organization. 
  Introducing Master Evernote - The Unofficial Guide to Organizing Your Life With Evernote
S.J. Scott's Master Evernote will teach you how to make Evernote an essential part of your everyday life. Inside the book, you'll learn the basics of the tool, a framework to develop the "Evernote Habit" for organizing your daily activities, and a wide range of advanced tools and tactics.  Here's What You'll Learn:  
   Evernote for Beginners: 4 Reasons to Use Evernote, Basic Features, Tagging, and Notebooks 
   Evernote Mastery: Advanced Tools like OCR, Automated Email Delivery, IFTTT Recipes, and Web Clipper 
   15 "Must-Have" Add-Ons to Use with Evernote 
   How to Apply the "Getting Things Done" Method with Evernote 
   75 Simple Ideas for Getting Started with Evernote 
   And Much, Much More 
 First-time and advanced Evernote users alike love the inspirational and comprehensive Master Evernote for its new tips and tricks, its technical expertise, and its actionable advice. If you like actionable, easy-to-digest non-fiction without the fluff, then you'll love this life-changing book that delivers.  
  Scroll to the top of this page and click the buy button to get your life organized today! 
 