Editorial Review Little Michael, Christopher Fox and Isaac Burns don't know that their paths will cross and their lives changed in a cruel manner that sees them through the intricate web of Africa's political heartache, manifested in a well-orchestrated coup attempt in the African country of Sivals. Little witnesses an overnight success of his business only to see the building burnt down in a calculated sabotage. Chris sees his life changed from prominence to near pauperism. Isaac Burns thinks, with blunt self-righteousness, that his philanthropic work is enough an effort to win the hearts of his fellow countrymen in Panda, and the whole of the African continent. He'd soon learn the bitter reality of his capitalist life. The problem though is the three men don't know that someone is watching every single step they take in their lives. Will they learn the bitter truth? The truth will first taste bitter before the end of their nightmares. The Pipers, a politically-charged group that infiltrates governments and multinational corporations and forces them to help the poor, has marked the three men for a real life's experimental cruelty. Isaac Burns is shown the bitter reality of corruption, greed and political blackmail, which is aided by his investments. Innocent civilians are being ruthlessly displaced from their villages in South Sudan around oil fields without compensation. It's Isaac's investment in play. Only The Pipers will show Mr. Burns that wealth acquisition shouldn't be a poor people's livelihood antithesis. Little Michael's teenage drugs involvement lands him in jail only to meet big black men with radical, infectious Pan-Africanism. His leaving jail, he doesn't know, is only the beginning of his African adventure that will see him hate his African brothers before he realizes the truth of his Africanism. Christopher Fox sees his life soar only to crumble in a flash. He's brought back to the company of his high school buddy, Little, and Isaac, the CEO of the company in which he mysteriously lost his job. Chris is thrown into an orchestrated poverty meant to make him experience how it feels to be a poor, taken-for-granted African man. The three men involuntarily descend on Africa in a political roller coaster. It'll be a test of power-players' humanity, emotive elasticity, and the extent of human greed and political and economic opportunism.