Note: This book is an updated version of the author’s novel Royal Bride.  One of the last acts performed by the post-Waterloo Congress of Vienna is the granting to Jura the status of a free and independent state. To safeguard against domination by its giant neighbor, Austria, Prince Augustus allies himself to Britain by taking an English wife. That wife was supposed to be the eldest granddaughter of Princess Mariana, but when she runs away with someone else, the youngest daughter, Charity, is pressed into service as a substitute. Charity has always hero-worshipped Gus, who has spent the last ten years leading guerilla fighters against Napoleon’s troops, but she is not prepared for the responsibility of her new position. The novel is about the growing love between Charity and Gus as together they encounter political intrigues and dangerous plots against Jura and the rule of Prince Augustus.   Some comments on Joan Wolf and this title ...  “Wolf’s story offers a delicious, intelligent glimpse of a royal household that must integrate matters of the state and the heart.” Publisher’s Weekly  “Balancing sympathetic insight with captivating political suspense, Wolf’s latest Regency is a rich tale of two strong-willed characters who must unite to strengthen the small canton of Jura against its imposing neighbor, Austria.” Library Journal  “Joan Wolf’s talent at character building and story telling make her books ever fresh. I never want to close their covers and turn out the light. For a thoroughly enjoyable reading experience, I highly recommend . . . to all lovers of romance. Jane Bowers – Romance Reviews Today.  “Joan Wolf at her royal best.” Harriet Klausner  “A skillfully written tale filled with passion, compassion, humor, and a terrific cast of characters. I liked the strength of the protagonists.” Rendevous.  “Joan Wolf’s portrayal of a not-so-convenient marriage is heartwarming as the ingénue Charity learns the full scope of her womanly powers and finds the strength to fight for her love and the land she rules. A master of Regency romances, Wolf’s assured storytelling is simply the best.” Sandy Huseby 