13 BRAND NEW paranormal stories from your favorite USA Today, New York Times, and Amazon Bestselling authors. Here’s a list of all 13 paranormal anthology authors! 1. Stephanie Rowe2. Robyn Peterman3. Victoria Danann4. Kym Grosso5. Dakota Cassidy6. Claudy Conn7. Teresa Gabelman8. Melanie James9. Gena D. Lutz10. D’Elen McClain11. Julia Mills12. Brandy L. Rivers13. Cynthia St. AubinPassions ignite in thirteen dangerously HOT romances. Stephanie Rowe - Shadows of Darkness (Order of the Blade) Haunted by a tormented past that has come to reclaim him, a former assassin must choose between saving the world, or protecting the one woman who can touch his heart and redeem his soul. Robyn Peterman - Fashionably Hotter Than Hell What does a Vampyre do when the woman he’s chased for two hundred years is still trying to get away? He plays dirty. Welcome to my own personal Hell. Where life is steamy and the sex is sizzling. Damn it, I thought the chase was difficult…keeping the girl alive might prove to be my undoing. Victoria Danann - Wolf Lover: Konuchur In the middle of a war with dragon shifters, a human widow of a werewolf may get another chance at love, but feelings of guilt threaten a blossoming attraction to the one wolf everyone thought was untamable. Kym Grosso - Lost Embrace Dominant vampire leader, Kade Issacson, is devastated when his fiancée, Sydney Willows, is nearly killed by a demon, and her transition into the supernatural tests the limits of their bond. Deep in the heart of New Orleans, they struggle to keep her alive while searching for an escaped killer who promises to end Sydney’s life once and for all. Dakota Cassidy - What Not to Were A cute werewolf, a hot warlock cowboy, an iguana, whacky seniors, a night of long awaited passion, and some magic. What could go wrong? How about pretty much everything? Claudy Conn - Harley-Awakening Harley has everything a vampire-white witch hybrid could want: wonderful parents, a hunky sort-of boyfriend, and a clan of loving friends. When that life is taken away from her, Harley doesn't want to serve revenge up cold. She wants to serve it up now, and she wants to serve it up HOT. Teresa Gabelman - Forbidden Hunger A shifter without a pack, Janna Lawson goes in search of the man who her mother died trying to protect. What she finds is Garrett Foster, a man who has the power to decide her fate and causes a hunger inside her that is forbidden to them both. Melanie James - Gertie's Paranormal Plantation When you run a shelter for paranormal creatures, you can’t afford to let your guard down. When carefree and quite naïve witch, Gertie O’Leary, welcomes an enchanting new guest to the plantation, she finds herself caught up in an ancient struggle. Marie Laveau and the gang will have to pull together once again to save Gertie’s love life. Love, lust and laughs await on the Paranormal Plantation. Gena D. Lutz - Sonnet Vale: Paranormal Hunter Paranormal hunter, Sonnet Vale, has the unique ability to hunt and kill vampires. But a chance encounter with a handsome stranger is about to change everything, teaching Sonnet what it's like to be hunted and possessed. D'Elen McClain - Fang Chronicles: Tyboll A grumpy bear shifter, a stubborn she-bear shifter, and more growls than a bear clan can possibly handle. Will the two kill each other or discover they make the perfect mated pair? Julia Mills - Her Dragon's Heart What do you get when you combine one head-strong dragon shifter with a young woman whose past won’t stay hidden, add a coven of demon-raising wizards and a Fate that will not be denied? The perfect recipe for sizzling romance, spine-tingling intrigue, sword swinging action and swoon-worthy love. Enter the world of the Dragon Guard…Forever be changed. Brandy L. Rivers - Seductive Solutions When Toryn’s trusted friend begins failing, he’ll search for a way to free him of the destructive bond. Isa might have a solution for Scotty’s problem, if Toryn can help her find the courage. Cynthia St. Aubin - From Hell to Breakfast He's a supernatural bounty hunter with a broken heart and a loose zipper. She's a succubus with a smart mouth and a long rap sheet. When her crimes become his problem, they're in for one hell of a ride.