
  A Hero’s Pride
  Kayla Santomas has never been on a blind date. Ever. One bad marriage and way too many useless relationships have convinced her to allow her best friend to set her up. Tired of dating frogs, she decides she wants dinner with a nice guy as a birthday present to herself. Who knows? He might not be so bad.
  After losing part of his leg in Afghanistan, Ryan Mitchell lost interest in dating and even worse, the urge to get aroused. He finally gives into his badgering family and decides to go back into the dating world. What better way to do it than to allow his brother and friend to set him up? According to them, he needs the extra help.
  A Hero Scarred
  Jessie Tavarez doesn’t want to be set up. As far as she’s concerned she doesn’t even want to talk about men. She’s just gotten rid of one jerk and isn’t looking for another. But her good friend Kayla is hell-bent on matchmaking. What she thought was a quiet vacation turned into an unexpected first date with a soldier scarred by war. And the first man to make her realise not all men are the same. 
  Matt Payne knew his friends meant well when they tried to matchmake. However, he’d been hiding his physical scars from the sympathy of women and his family. A sneaky set-up finds him having dinner with the first woman he physically and emotionally connected with since his injuries.
  A Hero For Sale
  Captain Nick Gates isn’t looking for love. He’s also not interested in being sold in a bachelor auction. Unfortunately, for him, it’s happening. The auction, that is. Love, that’s another story. He was severely burned when his fiancée dumped him right after he was hurt during the war. Love? He doesn’t do that. No matter how cute he thinks Addy is, his heart is off limits. Nick and Addy can’t fight their attraction. They also can’t fight the fact she’s related to someone he despises. Maybe, if they focus on falling in love, things will work themselves out? Soon, they’re going to find out that in love and war, anything goes.
