Books 13 & 14 of the USA Today Bestselling Series! ANGEL Dr. Angel Savary is dedicated to his skills as a Healer. After the death of his mother, he’s determined never to fail another Pantera. But when he’s kidnapped by a human female, he discovers that her brutal past offers the answers he’s been seeking. Even more astonishing, she stirs his cat with a ruthless need to claim her. Suddenly, he realizes there’s more to life than duty. Indy’s life has been one of grim survival. The last thing she wants is the distraction of a lover. Until she captures Angel. The Pantera is stunningly gorgeous and sexy as hell. Unfortunately, she hasn’t captured him to fulfill her fantasies. As much as she might ache with the need to give in to their mutual passion, he’s the only hope she has of saving the child she’s rescued from a ruthless enemy who threatens to destroy them all. HISS Caged like the beast he is, Hiss—former Hunter and traitor to the Pantera—has accepted his fate as a tortured prisoner in the hideous experimentation lab known as the Sub. In fact, he wishes death would come more quickly. Until he connects with the female in the cage beside him, that is. As he helps his fellow captive through her pain and her nightmares, she forces him to envision the possibility of forgiveness after the hell he’s wrought on his kind. But when their captors plan to use her in their brutal breeding program, Hiss has no choice but to attempt a risky escape. Stunning and fierce, Gia used to be a water Hunter in her shifter sect before she was abducted and tossed in the lab for blood drains, and worse. Threatened with a hopeless future as a lab brood mare, escape seems like her only possibility for survival. After refusing to give herself to the breeding program, she escapes with Hiss to his Wildlands. Giving Hiss her heart and her loyalty in the face of the Pantera’s overwhelming guilt, all she expects in return is his honesty. But when she wakes up one morning to find him gone, will she too deem him a traitor to their love?