For readers of The Hunger Games and Divergent who want to discover something new ...HER FIRST EIGHTEEN YEARS WERE FILLED WITH LIES. SHE IS ABOUT TO DISCOVER THE TRUTH.Eighteen-year-old Seven and her best friend, Ten, live where all is peaceful ... except for the violent war raging above the sky. Lifelike humanoid robots and self-operated drones tend to everyone's needs, leaving people free to spend their time stimulating their minds and enjoying life's pleasures. But there are strict rules and few choices.Every year, on Assignment Day, the path of each eighteen-year-old's life is laid out. Some are given the jobs for which they have shown exceptional aptitude and are "paired" for mating. The others are sent off to fight in The War and never return.When Assignment Day comes for Seven, the assignments shatter everything she's ever believed. The rules force everyone to accept their fates, but Seven decides to do something unprecedented: to go against the Decision Makers' wishes.What readers are saying about ABOVE THE SKY:"5 Stars!!!!!! Unputdownable!! ... My new favorite book ... If YOU love a good dystopian + romance ... Then you need this book in your life." --Megan, i fall in love book blog"This book was AWESOME! ... An epic read ... If you ... love books like The Hunger Games, Divergent, and The Maze Runner, this book is right up your alley." --Stephanie, TeacherofYA's Book Blog"This book is incredible! ... Imaginative ... fast paced ... full of action ... filled with a lot of twists and turns ... and the world building is truly fantastic ... 5 Brilliant Stars." --Karen Jo, Sincerely Karen Jo"This post-apocalyptic, young adult, science fiction is a page turner from start to finish! Similar to The Giver in the beginning and things just get more and more interesting ... Highly recommend!" -- Susie, Goodreads"An intensely awesome read ... The suspense and the thrilling scenarios kept me on edge ... Very creative and brilliant ... Highly recommended." --Denise, Goodreads"An amazing read .. Most stories seem predictable at some point but this one surprised me. At only one single point was I able to say, yep I see what's going to happen next. Yeah, right. I was totally wrong." --Amanda, GoodreadsDon't miss the unforgettable romantic dystopian novel that is captivating readers with shocking twists they never saw coming!ABOVE THE SKY tells the story of a young man and woman coming of age in a futuristic society founded on secrets and lies. In this cinematic novel, author J.W. Lynne delivers a thrilling ride filled with exciting mystery, surprising twists, forbidden romance, action-packed adventure, and thought-provoking philosophy. Seven and Ten's gripping journey has captured the hearts of both teen and adult readers, sending it soaring into the top 100 best sellers on multiple 2017 and 2018 Amazon best seller lists. Every page of this original novel will leave you wanting more!ABOVE THE SKY is perfect for teens and adults who are fans of books like THE HUNGER GAMES (by Suzanne Collins), DIVERGENT (by Veronica Roth), THE GENDER GAME (by Bella Forrest), SLAVE (by Laura Frances), CONFIGURED (by Jenetta Penner), THE MAZE RUNNER (by James Dashner), and THE GIVER (by Lois Lowry). *Beware of major spoilers in reviews that are without spoiler alerts*ABOVE THE SKY is book one in a completed series of four full-length books.Books in the SKY series:Book 1: ABOVE THE SKYBook 2: RETURN TO THE SKYBook 3: PART OF THE SKYBook 4: BEYOND THE SKY