For the first time ever books 1, 2, and 3 from WL Knightly's Zodiac series in a Box Set.  The Zodiac Killer #1  Detective Darek Blake thought the secrets of his past were long buried, but when a young girl is murdered in a familiar way, finding the killer will not only bring back memories he’s repressed, but give him a golden opportunity to impress the FBI.  So, when his partner, Special Agent Lizzy McNamara digs up evidence that’s a little too close to home, he’s shaken to the core. The worst sin he’s ever committed bubbles up, threatening to destroy his future.  Are the Zodiac killings a coincidence or is someone toying with him, and if so… who?   Capricorn Book #2  Being a suspect in a murder case never happens at a good time, but for Capricorn, Tad Halston, a recovering addict and former male escort who is on the verge of reclaiming his place as an in-demand male model, the timing couldn’t be worse.  With bodies piling up and more evidence pointing to him for the murders, the last thing he needs is a series of anonymous messages demanding he make the next kill for vengeance. Can he murder the uncle who abused him and sent his life hurtling down this dark path, or will his sister become the real killer’s next victim? For Tad, time is running out.  Now that Darek Blake has hired Bay “The Slayer” Collins as his divorce attorney, he realizes the man’s help will come at a much higher price. Becoming an informant was never part of the deal, but with new evidence hitting too close to home, Darek is left with no other choice. With the killer targeting Darek’s old friends, he has to decide which side is most important, his role as a detective, or his past as part of the Zodiac Society.   Pisces Book #3  With the suspicious death of Tad Halston, Detective Darek Blake finds walking the line between NYPD detective and Zodiac member a more daunting task than ever. Hannah Halston, Tad’s sister, refuses to believe the official story that her brother went on a vengeful killing spree. She’s doing her best to clear his name, which brings Darek’s partner, Special Agent Lizzy McNamara, even closer to his criminal past.  Meanwhile, whoever is targeting the Zodiacs has their sights on Logan Miller. His life is complicated enough already, with his struggling career and bitter relationship with an older woman, but when he meets Hannah Halston at her brother’s funeral, lending a sympathetic shoulder turns into so much more. He’s determined to end things with the older woman until she tells him she’s dying. Stuck between a rock and hard place, does he continue his relationship, or go where his heart tells him? Will the killer choose for him?