An Air Force major approaches a brilliant UFO in his Phantom jet over Tehran. He repeatedly attempts to fire on unusual objects heading toward his craft, but his missile control is locked &amp; disabled. Witnessed from the ground, this dogfight becomes the subject of a secret report by the US Defense Intelligence Agency. In Belgium, an Air Force colonel investigates a series of widespread sightings of unidentified triangular objects. He sends F-16s to attempt a closer look. Thousands of eyewitnesses, including on-duty police, file reports. A photo of an unidentifiable craft is retrieved &amp; analyzed. Here at home, a retired chief of the FAA’s Accidents &amp; Investigations Division reveals the agency’s response to a 30-minute encounter between an aircraft &amp; a gigantic UFO over Alaska, which occurred during his watch &amp; is documented on radar. Now all three of these notables have written 1sthand accounts about these incidents. They are joined by Air Force generals &amp; a host of high-level sources—including Fife Symington III, former Arizona governor, &amp; Nick Pope, former head of the British Defence Ministry’s UFO Investigative Unit—who have agreed to detail their UFO encounters &amp; investigations for the 1st time. They're coming forward because of Leslie Kean, an investigative reporter who's spent a decade studying the UFO phenomenon. She reviewed hundreds of government documents, aviation reports, radar data &amp; case studies with corroborating physical evidence. She carefully examined scientifically analyzed photos &amp; interviewed scores of high-level officials &amp; aviation witnesses from around the world. With the support of former White House chief of staff John Podesta, she draws on her research to separate fact from fiction &amp; to lift the veil on decades of US government misinformation. Throughout, she presents irrefutable evidence that unknown flying objects—metallic, luminous &amp; able to maneuver in ways that defy physical law—actually exist. No one yet knows what they are, even tho they affect aviation safety &amp; national security. The phenomenon has been officially acknowledged by numerous foreign governments. For such reasons, she concludes that the UFO problem must be recognized &amp; solved thru an unbiased scientific investigation. The material presented in this book is sobering, moving us toward a goal of properly addressing this global mystery.