THE SERIES WITH OVER 12 MILLION COPIES SOLDVolume 2 in the New York Times Bestselling Arrangement SerialsAvery's life is slipping between her fingers. Everything that she worked to achieve will be gone if she doesn't take this job. The idea of being a call girl doesn't appeal to Avery, but her first client does. Sean is too difficult to resist. The few times she's gotten close to Sean, he shuts down. This might be the opportunity to fix her finances and find love. She just has to have enough guts to go through with it.Genre: New Adult Romance, approx 125 pgs ea
  ~The Arrangement Vol 1-23 are on sale now. 

   ~23 books total in this series~ 

  
THE FERRO FAMILY The Arrangement (Sean &amp; Avery)  Damaged (Peter &amp; Sidney)  Stripped (Jon &amp; Cassie)  The Proposition (Bryan &amp; Hallie)  Easy (Jocelyn Ferro)  Broken Promises (Trystan &amp; Mari)  The Wedding Contract (Nick &amp; Sky)  Secrets &amp; Lies (Kerry)  H.M. WARD'S NEW YORK CITY LOVE STORIES REVIEWS: 
  
"H.M. Ward writes an emotional, deeply felt story that will rock your world." -Carly Phillips, New York Times Bestselling Author "H.M. Ward takes this series to a whole new level of intensity!" -Cary Mattiller "One of the most emotionally charged novels I have read all year." -Crystal via Goodreads"Enthralling, compelling, and a whole lot of sexy in one phenomenal book!" -Suzan Tisdale, USA Today Bestselling Author"If you love The Arrangement, then you will not be disappointed with The Proposition." Linda Wallace  "Amazing, awesome, and unbelievably sexy." -Cheryl, via Goodreads"You can't go wrong with any book written by H.M. Ward." Christon Benford  "This a a story about true love/ first love never dying and making it through all odds. Anincredible book." -Gabby's Book Blog"This has to be H.M. Ward's best work yet!" -Sheri via Goodreads  "The tension is palpable and so physically powerful; it literally reaches out and tugs atall my emotions. My God, it was beautifully erotic. When a story elicits so much emotion from you, you know it's good." Tessamari Reviews  "I want to marry this book and have it's fictional babies"  "Move over Christian Grey and welcome Sean Ferro." Reading, Eating, &amp; Dreaming  "You can't go wrong with a book written by H.M. Ward." Christon Benford  "I thought nothing could top Damaged &amp; The Arrangement Series. I was wrong." -Curious Kindle Reader  "Serious sexual tension!" -Spare Time Book Blog"Hilarious, witty, with a 'gut punching' story line." Workman"Amazing, hot, sexy, and leaves you wanting more.