'Bones' brings together four chilling ghost stories by award winning writer-director Andrew Cull. Four monsters collected in paperback for the first time. 'Did You Forget About Me?'"He had written to me a month or so before he died. I'd ignored the letter the same way I'd ignored all the others." When Cam Miller returns to the town he grew up in he's heading to clear his estranged father's farmhouse. He's also returning to the house he fled 23 years before. There, among the nicotine stained keepsakes and remnants of a broken life, he'll come face to face with a horror that has waited all those years for his return."It's you he wants."'Hope and Walker'"We were both 10. But he was dead. And I sat drawing him."Em Walker is just like any other 10-year-old girl growing up in the small, outback town of Hope. That is, except for the fact that her Dad runs one of the town's two funeral parlours, and the dead have just started speaking to her...When Hope is rocked by a terrible crime, Em, stubborn, scared of spiders, and with a temper that's likely to get her into trouble, will find herself thrust into the middle of a dangerous hunt for the truth."Being scared's good," Grandpa Walker had told me once. "Stops us from doing stupid things." It hadn't stopped me.'The Trade'That summer should have been filled with laughter, with slip n' slides in the yard, lazy afternoons lying watching ice cream clouds swirling through the blue sky, melting in slow motion. I watched a plane rising high above our house. From the ground it looked completely still, as if it hung suspended in the air, a model on a string. I wished I was on it, I wished I could escape. I was seven and that was the summer death stalked our home.It began with the offerings...'Knock and You Will See Me'"We buried Dad in the winter. It wasn't until the spring that we heard from him again." When grieving Ellie Ray finds a crumpled, handwritten note from her recently deceased father, hidden behind the couch, she assumes that her middle boy, Max, left it there. It has a single word written on it: WHY. But, as more and more letters begin to appear throughout the house, Ellie and her three boys will find themselves dragged into a deeply sinister mystery surrounding her father's death."Dad? I looked down at the scribbled note in my hand, at the words torn into the paper. What had started as a whisper had grown louder, more desperate. The words had been screamed onto the page. Dad? Please. What's going on?"'Bones' Four Stories. Four Monsters.