 A short novel featuring the same characters as Rachel Abbott’s bestselling novel Stranger Child    Someone is looking for Tasha. But does she want to be found?   Eight months ago Tasha Joseph ran away, and her stepmother, Emma, has been searching for her ever since. She is desperate to give Tasha the home and security she deserves.  The problem is, Emma isn’t the only one looking for Tasha. The police are keen to find her too. She could be a vital witness in a criminal trial, and DCI Tom Douglas has a team constantly on the lookout for her. But Tasha remains hidden, and nobody appears to have seen her.  Suddenly, the stakes are raised. Somebody is offering money – a lot of money – for information about Tasha’s whereabouts.  Tom and Emma know they have never been closer to finding the young girl. But they also recognise that she has never been closer to danger. Can they find her first?   She can run – but for how long can she hide?    Praise for Rachel Abbott’s books   “Pure Genius: A Masterclass in the Perfect Thriller!!” – Love Books "Absorbing, complex and brilliantly planned, I loved this book. 10/10." Novelicious  "The characters are believable and the crimes credible. Contemporary issues, grief and desperation are well handled. The pace is good, the twists credible and it can easily be read as a stand alone. Enjoy." Crime Thriller Hound  "I was left speechless in the first chapter and couldn't put it down for hours. Rachel is amazing at building tension and keeping you turning page after page."  Crime Book Club   "Stranger Child was the PERFECT thriller. I couldn't get enough of this shocking story."  Bookaholic Confessions   "Ms. Abbott writes complex and yet very believable thrillers and this book was no exception. You will be on the edge of your seat constantly. 5 stars. A very strong thriller."  Books, Reviews, Etc.   "Prose is taut, wholly believable locations and a full cast bursting with engaging characters."  Crime Fiction Lover   "I loved this book! What I loved the most about this book was the plot. There are a few 'curve balls' in this story, which definitely kept me on my toes. I really could not put this down."  Debra's Book Cafe   "Set against the opposing realities of harsh, crime-ridden gangs and cosy, well-off, Middle-England families, Abbott seamlessly weaves three separate narratives together into one barn-stormer of a thriller. ...a well-rounded, and fulfilling novel, that still manages to keep you guessing right to the very end."  If These Books Could Talk   “I have resented the intrusion of real people while my mind grappled with the events in Sleep Tight”  Cleo Loves Books  