Aurora Sky narrowly escapes death only to end up as a vampire hunter with unusual cravings and heightened desires. To protect the people she loves, she will have to make sacrifices, and evade the biggest threat of all . . . a forbidden love. Fast-paced and full of twists, the Aurora Sky series takes an entirely new, sci-fi approach to what it means to be a vampire.  AURORA SKY (Volume 1) If there is one thing eighteen-year-old Aurora Sky wants, it's to get off the iceberg she calls home. Then a near-fatal car wreck changes everything. Government agents step in and save Aurora's life in exchange for her services as a vampire hunter. In Alaska. Basically she's a glorified chew toy. All thanks to her rare blood type, which sends a vampire into temporary paralysis right before she has to finish the job . . . by hand.  Now Aurora's stuck with an overzealous partner, a group of misfit friends, and a maddening attraction to a rebellious man keeping secrets of his own.   NORTHERN BITES (Volume 2) Love bites. Probation sucks.  Thanks to Dante’s recklessness, Aurora is now partners with Valerie: the redheaded, backstabbing vixen.  Dante is in full flirt mode. Fane’s tactics are more ruthless. Something carnal has awakened in Aurora and neither boy is helping tame her cravings.  When a member of the unit’s team is found dead, Aurora and Valerie are sent after a vampire in Sitka, but Aurora suspects the killer’s much closer to home.  STAKEOUT (Volume 2.5) Noel Harper got a second chance at life when the government recruited her as an undercover vampire informant. Since the day they brought her back from the good-as-dead, she has wanted to prove herself worthy.  When a member of her investigative unit is murdered, Noel is paired up with a vampire hunter named Dante to spy on a suspect in Fairbanks. The problem? They're not the only ones on stakeout. Taking down murderous vampires is one thing. Dealing with the past is another. But this time, Noel isn't letting fear win. She's calling in help from the other side and discovers a shocking secret along the way.  BAD BLOOD (Volume 3) Aurora returns from boot camp to a new assignment, an unwelcome roommate, and the increasingly amorous attentions of a certain vampire hunter.  College is starting, and so is Aurora’s undercover work at a network of swanky parties known as “Tastings” for high rolling vampires who like their blood laced with fine wine. But Aurora’s not the only one on the prowl. An underground investigation is under way to find out who killed one of Anchorage’s most prominent vampires… and Aurora is a prime suspect.   AURORA SKY SERIES READING ORDER Aurora Sky (Aurora Sky: Vampire Hunter, Vol. 1) Northern Bites (Aurora Sky: Vampire Hunter, Vol. 2) Stakeout (Aurora Sky: Vampire Hunter, Vol. 2.5) Evil Red (Aurora Sky: Vampire Hunter, Vol. 2.6) Bad Blood (Aurora Sky: Vampire Hunter, Vol. 3) Hunting Season (Aurora Sky: Vampire Hunter, Vol. 4) Night of the Living Dante (Aurora Sky: Vampire Hunter, Vol. 4.5) Whiteout (Aurora Sky: Vampire Hunter, Vol. 5) True North (Aurora Sky: Vampire Hunter, Vol. 6) - Final Volume 