You Don't Know the Full Truth About O.J. Simpson and the Murders that Gripped a Nation.But Mike Gilbert does, and after nearly two decades of being O.J. Simpson's sports agent, business advisor, and trusted confidant, Gilbert is breaking his silence and telling the full story of the man he idolized, but now despises.Gilbert's shocking tale is unlike anything you've read before; it isn't his "version" of what happened--it's the unvarnished truth. The truth about O.J., the murders, and the infamous trial. Not as Gilbert imagined or would like it to be, but how it actually was. Gilbert doesn't spare anyone, not even himself--he helped deceive the jury and feels deeply responsible for the "Not Guilty" verdict.So why is Gilbert speaking out now? Has he gone from sinner to saint? Is he making a play for sympathy or looking to make a quick buck? No. (Proceeds from this book are going to the March of Dimes and other selected charities with which Gilbert has long been associated.) Gilbert is writing this book because he regrets what he did for his adored, childhood idol. He can no longer find any excuse for how he has shielded O.J. Simpson; and he is determined that the full truth must now be told, including:* O.J.'s late night confession to Gilbert* How Gilbert was responsible for O.J.'s hand not fitting the murder glove* Why O.J. murdered Nicole Simpson and Ron Goldman (it was more than jealousy)* Why Gilbert defended O.J. for so long--and what finally convinced him he could do so no longer* How O.J. ignored his financial obligations to the Goldman family and milked the tabloids for money* The real reason why an armed O.J. burst in on the memorabilia collectors in Las Vegas (Gilbert had what O.J. was looking for)Told with searing candor, this book leaves no one's reputation intact--not even Gilbert's. But he casts a glaring light on how celebrity can corrupt, how power can mislead, and how friendship and loyalty can be perverted. His book is meant to set the record straight, to lay to rest the ghosts of that dreadful night that have haunted him ever since, and to now play what little part he can to forward the process the of justice.