Sinfully sexy rock stars are the cornerstone of New York Times Bestselling Author, S.L. Scott’s Bestselling Hard to Resist Series. The Rebellion is the newest STAND-ALONE that brings soul-searing romance mixed with heartfelt emotions to fans of this legendary rock band.I met my muse at fifteen. I’d just gotten busted for smoking behind the school gymnasium. She inspired me with her laugh and nonjudgmental attitude and, before I knew it, we were inseparable. Then I left to pursue my rock star dreams—dreams she encouraged. I got over Jaymes Grenier no problem. I never think about that little bow at the top of her pink lips, or the way her green eyes admired mine. Nope, I barely recall the way she fit so perfectly in my arms when I held her at night. The sweet way she would whisper she loved me has long faded from memory. These are the lies I regularly tell myself in hopes of believing them one day. Yeah, I was told I’d get over my first love. I didn’t.  Derrick Masters marked me the moment we met back in ninth grade. He called me over—all bravado and bad boy mystery wrapped in a James Dean-esque package. Dark hair and blue eyes with a rebel without a cause charisma. He was everything I was warned about, but I couldn’t resist. I was his from that moment on. His career took off almost as soon as he did. I knew it would. I just thought I would be beside him as his partner in crime, best friend, and lover. That’s what we had always been … before he left me behind to fend for myself.Fend? Fight is more like it. I’ve been fighting ever since.  Fighting for survival. Fighting for a better life in a world determined to keep me down. I don’t have the luxury of letting my head live in the lure of La La Land. His dreams may have come true, but mine were extinguished. These days I fight for something bigger than me, bigger than we were ever meant to be.When his dreams come crashing back into my reality, is this a second chance at that fairy tale ending or another heartbreak in the making?