When you flip your boxed food over, are you shocked by the number of ingredients you find on the back? What's more, how many of them do you actually recognize?Hi, my name is Vanessa Olsen, and I'm here to help you get your life back. Processed food is causing an epidemic that affects everyone around the world. Every day, food manufacturers are altering our food to be bigger, taste "better," and stay fresh longer. While these things sound good from the outside, the world is becoming well aware of what they're doing to our insides. Most food today is so stripped down of its natural vitamins that it shouldn't even be considered food. Not to mention, it's also pumped with add-ins that are causing a long list of scary health problems to anyone who goes near them. When we eat these kinds of food, we are prone to develop heart disease, obesity, diabetes, and cancer along with many other fatal diseases. It's time we put our foot down to the problem. It all starts with food...And not just any food, but whole food. This includes succulent fruit, crisp veggies, savory whole grains, creamy full-fat milk, and tender grass-fed meat. And sticking to this sort of thing really isn't as hard as you've been told.Let me be your guide to a healthier, happier life with 30 Days of Whole Food - 120 Irresistible and Healthy Recipes. My writing will introduce you to all the ins and outs of whole food eating, and if you're up for it, a 30 day whole food challenge. But I'm sure you'll find it's not so much a challenge as a life-changing experiment...To aid you with this food challenge my cookbook will provide you with 30 whole food recipes for each breakfast, lunch, dinner, and desserts and snacks. My recipes are unique - tried and tested in my very own home first. Some favorites among customers include:Apple Skillet PancakesPad ThaiProsciutto-Wrapped Frittata MuffinsZesty Chicken NuggetsMeat Lover's ChiliShrimp &amp; Sausage JambalayaBeef JerkyTaco SaladStrawberry-Pineapple Ice Pops... and many more!You'll also find some whole recipes for the little things like ranch dressing and mayonnaise. 30 days with my whole food book will give you everything you need to create a new and improved way of life. But new and improved doesn't even begin to cover the benefits that come with a whole food lifestyle either! After just 30 days with my cookbook, whole food will boost both the energy and immune system of your family, not to mention reduce your risk of developing cancer and heart disease!And the benefits will reach farther than the walls of your own home... The rest of the world will thank you, too! Eating whole food promotes animal welfare and ensures a better world for future generations. Your grandchildren will certainly be grateful you decided to give the whole food diet a 30 day trial run.But I warn you, this decision will probably stick with you for much longer than 30 days. The fresh taste of whole food just can't be beat. You'll never want to go back to the processed stuff ever again! So, let's get you feeling good, looking good, and doing good - all while you eat food you absolutely love! The world will thank you, and you will thank yourself.