What if the mythical Serpent was really a savior, inviting humanity to awaken from a mindless existence? What if Eve was a heroine, courageous enough to buck the system & take the Serpent up on his offer to bust out of the cage? The modern-day Eve is an exotic dancer, intent on questioning accepted religious norms & presenting her unique ideas about humanity's relationship to the Divine. Eve discovers her power to discern truth from falsehood at the hands of her religiously abusive foster family. She chooses to release her light into a dark world by combining her love for music & dance, stripping naked as a symbol of fearlessly unmasking her true self. Her passion for challenging society's labels as representations of truth brings controversial & dangerous repercussions from club patrons, cops, & religious zealots. Eve rises above the confines of extreme moralism, tempting all of us to live our own divine truths, free from shame & guilt. Heaven is a story about healing the perceived separation of the spiritual from the sexual self. The novel contains some explicit sexual content in relation to spiritual/philosophical content. It also contains nonfictional information woven into the fabric of a fictional story. Included with the book is a free CD featuring songs from various artists & intended to provide a musical experience to bring out the exotic dancer spirit in you! Songs include the book's title track, "Heaven", written & performed by the author. Visit HeavenTheNovel.com to hear samples from the CD (only available with purchase of the novel at this time). What readers are saying: New & refreshing views of spirituality & sexuality - Eve rocks my world! A.C., Ft. Worth, TX I hope everyone will read this book. I loved it & will read it over & over again. I can't say it enough. Amazing. I want more from this author! Brigette B, Dallas, TX I m not religious because I went to Catholic schools & religion was pushed down my throat. This book is refreshing; it will make you really think about your beliefs. This is what reading should do, take you out of your everyday life. I love the use of actual music lyrics. If you like Light Before Day by Chris Rice, read Heaven. Both authors are intriguing & weave stories that bring you into the characters lives & make you want to know more. Heaven is a great read! Chuck P, New Orleans, LA I typically read non-fiction for spiritual material & fiction for entertainment; it was a refreshing change to read a book that blends enlightenment & entertainment in one. I'm always looking for new or differing views of God concepts to glean something that resonates. I devoured the book; It was a pleasure! Elizabeth S, Los Angeles, CA Enjoyable! Humor in the midst of spiritual elevation through the exploration of Exotica! Fans of Octavia Butler will enjoy Heaven. Tamika S, Nashville, TN I Love this book! The story is a blueprint for living. Eve is a living, loving example of how to incorporate Spirit into daily life. She is Open, allowing God(dess) to move, speak & BE through her. So simple; beautiful! I will read this book again & again to remind mySelf to embody Spirit as Eve does. I'm expanding into the Feminine Face of God through Exotic Dance classes. That feeling of Power rising up through me when I dance, as Eve describes, has carried into daily life & transformed me. Reading Heaven caused me to clap my hands in glee & yell YESSSS!!! Kathy S, Flint, MI I really enjoyed the stripping scenes with cool, current music, descriptions from the dancer's view & raw sexuality. Reading her thoughts, you feel the complexity of Eve.