Mort wants his de facto family back. . . . He knows he doesn’t deserve them. Not yet, anyway. Not without making up for leaving them in their time of need. But it’s not easy to make amends. Mort must show how much he wants the Rochester family back in his life. When his best friend’s younger brother, Felix, has his license suspended, Mort jumps at the chance to play chauffeur and to win back the family he desperately wants to call his own. Repairing his broken relationships—with all five Rochester siblings—becomes Mort’s personal mission. Especially with Felix. Felix, who used to follow him everywhere. Felix, who idolized him. Felix, whom Mort has not stopped thinking about . . .  Felix is just trying to keep it together. . . . With a perma-smile as his armor, he’s determined to make his family happy. Determined to be a positive role model to his three younger sisters, while their mum struggles with depression after her kidney transplant. Unfortunately, no amount of smiling can save his license when he gets pulled over for the umpteenth time, and he still needs to get his sisters to school, soccer, and dance classes. The solution to his problem emerges in the return of their prodigal neighbor, Mort. Mort, who left their lives without a word. Mort, who was in love with Felix’s older brother. Mort, who is the last guy Felix wants charging back into their lives. . . .  Mort and Felix. Two guys bound by a rocky past— —a past they must come to terms with to find true happiness in the here and now.  ~ - ~ - ~  Set in New Zealand, Happy For You (Love &amp; Family #3) is an MM gay romance featuring two guys pitted together in a blue 1988 station wagon — and there’s no doubt about it, Mort is going to drive Felix crazy. Can be read as a standalone.  Tropes: brother’s best friend, second chances, family drama, friends-to-lovers, slow burn, found family Genre: New Adult, light-hearted contemporary gay romance Trigger warnings: Depression and generalized anxiety (of a side character)