This is not Donald Trump's anti-science. Science itself is fine, and has rightfully earned the highest status in our culture. But the high status of science has created a problem: Scientists are believed and taken seriously, whatever they say, whether it was determined by the scientific method or not.In particular, they are trying to tell us that there is no reality beyond the physical. This has not been proved scientifically, so it is defended and forced upon the academic community with unscientific methods such as authoritarian pronouncements, ridicule, and power politics, and accepted universally as absolute truth at American colleges and universities. Academic people who express an interest in precognition, telepathy, clairvoyance, remote viewing, psychokinesis, energy medicine, spirit entities, the power of prayer, reincarnation, or intelligent design are treated as if they were mentally incompetent, shunned by their colleagues, and denied publication, funding, and employment. Even psychologists have been steered away from the study of the mind by the insistence on physical evidence. Our accredited institutions are being blocked from whole dimensions of knowledge, the mental and the spiritual.At the same time, there is a growing body of evidence supporting all the subjects in the list above. Gallup polls over the years have shown that more than 90% of Americans believe in God or a spiritual reality. Recent surveys have found that up to 91% of people in advanced Western countries have had psychic experiences. And yet a majority of elite scientists do not believe in these things. They claim that the general public has the bias. They say that we are uninformed, unintelligent, superstitious, and/or delusional. This is simply gross class prejudice.DIRTY SCIENCE exposes the unscientific, illegitimate, and irrational arguments that are used in the name of "science" by people with high scientific credentials, corrupting our cultural knowledge. This is not "science bashing," but is an accurate and responsible book, written with compassion for the people who are caught up in the system. It is not seeking the approval of establishment scientists as "authority" figures, but is appealing to the intelligent reading public (which includes all academic people) to recognize the unscientific methods and cause the people who use those methods to lose credibility. As a start, every undergraduate student of critical thinking needs to read this book.