 Put 13 wickedly talented authors together into one collection and what do you get?  MOONLIGHT and MONSTERS and MAGIC, oh my!   Find tales of shifters and witches, ghosts and mythical creatures, and even an angel or two in this supernatural anthology of paranormal romance stories, featuring award-winning paranormal romance author, Linda G. Hill.   Treat yourself to a phenomenal read!     DIWATA  by  Zara M Baily  With his life at stake,  Comandante  Julio Gomez arrives in the Philippines, hoping to reverse a century-old curse that a mountain nymph placed on his ancestor. Julio doesn’t expect to meet the woman from his troubled dreams. (m/f, heat level: smoking)   LOVE OUT OF THE ASHES  by  Tabetha Waite  Tormented by a terrible tragedy that has broken her spirit, Laura Tipton feels she has nothing left. Then Markus arrives to awaken her spirit. In more ways than one. (m/f, heat level: smoking)   HONEY AND HER GRUMPY BEAR  by  Taylor Morgan  Everett’s spent his life mistrusting humans. The last thing this shifter needs is a week with his sister’s sweet-as-honey best-friend underfoot. As his desire surges, he resolves to push Honey away—for good. (m/f, heat level: smoking)   SWAN SONG  by  Everleigh Allen  During Liah’s once-in-a-lifetime trip to Ireland, things begin to get weird. Even as she becomes more isolated, a magical world opens up to her. (m/f, heat level: medium)   HEART OF STONE  by  Emmaline Warden  Can Annie accept that there is a world larger than her own guiding her existence? Will she take the leap of faith and believe in the magic that made Theo appear? (m/f, heat level: smoking)   THE SECRETS OF HICKORY HOLLOW  by  Belle Langtree  True love is the cure for any curse. True love and tree nuts, that is! (m/f, heat level: inferno)   LEAVING LIMBO  by  Lucinda Cox  Jaxx Carter, ghost hunter, doesn't believe in ghosts. Enter Burroughs Manor, and a tall, dark stranger who awaits him there, to give him a night he'll never forget. (m/m, heat level: inferno)   THE DOCTOR AND THE WOLF  by  Chele MacCabe  Jake has always known Ashley is his true mate. but when they finally get together, the big and bads show up. What will a doctor and her wolf shifter do? (m/f, heat level: smoking)   WHITE  by  Sera Taíno  What happens when you meet your soulmate on the brink of death? Hovering on the precipice, does love stand a chance? (m/f, heat level: mild)   FORTUNE FAVORS THE FELINE  by  Elizabeth Langley  Olivia has looked for true love her whole life. She just didn’t know it was always there, right by her side … demanding to be fed. (m/f, heat level: smoking)   MISS CARLISLE  by  Emma Brady  On a pitch-black night, a country doctor comes across a place of mystery and magic. (m/f, heat level: smoking)   SAVING FAITH  by  Allegra Johnson  In a modern world where the Salem Witch Trials exist, Faith is a witch being hunted. Gabe is an investigator sworn to hunt her down. Perhaps their relationship was doomed from the start.   PIXIE  by  Linda G. Hill   An exiled pixie stumbles into the life of a lonely young widow. What could possibly go wrong? (m/f, heat level: smoking)