Love! Romance! Giggles and Cake!
  
Readers loved the first anthology, so here's the second issue of LOL! You'll love these shorts or novellas of 30-50 pages each, with satisfying, romantic endings and not a cliffhanger in sight.Enjoy 10 brand-new stories from your favorite NY Times Bestselling and USA Today Bestselling authors:Saving the Cake - Victoria WessexBaking for the royal wedding is the assignment of a lifetime. Curvy British chef Jessica has her kitchen nearly under control, until a hunky US news reporter shows up to cover the story. Heat level: Spicy!Sofie and the Movie Star: A Lovestruck Short Story - Rachel SchurigSofie is six months pregnant, and feeling hormonal in her bridesmaid’s dress. Sofie's condition and lack of boyfriend are causing quite the scandal. And then an international movie star shows up. Heat level: Sweet!A Sweet Affair - Elle CaseyBakery owner Mary-Anna is ready to quit when in strolls a handsome stranger, looking for a job. Heat level:Spicy!Just Can't Forget You: Oakland Hills Short Story 2 - Gretchen GalwayThey first met as troubled teens, and now their paths have crossed again. Melissa has shrugged off her past to begin a fulfilling career, but Eduardo is definitely trouble. All grown up, he’s more dangerous than ever. Heat level: Sensual!Sweet as Cake - Caitie QuinnMaddie Deren has been invited to the Brew Ha Ha to make her winning secret recipe for rock god Dalton Reddy. What could possibly go wrong? Heat level: Sweet!Take the Cake and Run - Daisy PrescottTwo words strike fear in a six-foot-four alpha male: wedding planning.Alwaysland - Blair BabylonXan Valentine is touring with his rock band and missing his girlfriend, a virtuoso classical cellist. When Xan finds himself with an engagement ring, he invites her to hit the road with him. Heat level: Sensual!Crime & Cake - N.M. SilberWhen Matt Brenner sees a beautiful woman dressed like Marilyn Monroe trying to flee a raid, he’s amused. When he discovers she’s the tough lawyer he's battling in the courtroom, he’s intrigued. Hilarity ensues. Heat level: Spicy!Randomly Ever After - Julia KentAn old rivalry threatens Sam's long-planned proposal to Amy, as a case of mistaken identity makes fists fly. Can a moonlit serenade on a rooftop make up for old mistakes? Heat level: Sensual!Then We Kissed - Juliet SpenserWhen Charlotte wakes up with regrets over a night with US Army Captain Bradley Ryder, she tries to avoid him while delivering a cake to her client’s wedding reception. But a mixup sends her right to the one person she's trying to avoid. Heat level: Sweet!