If the Night Stalker is watching, you're already dead...In the dead of a swelteringly hot summer's night, Detective Erika Foster is called to a murder scene. The victim, a doctor, is found suffocated in bed. His wrists are bound and his eyes bulging through a clear plastic bag tied tight over his head.A few days later, another victim is found dead, in exactly the same circumstances. As Erika and her team start digging deeper, they discover a calculated serial killer - stalking their victims before choosing the right moment to strike.The victims are all single men, with very private lives. Why are their pasts shrouded in secrecy? And what links them to the killer?As a heat wave descends upon London, Erika will do everything to stop the Night Stalker before the body count rises, even if it means risking her job. But the victims might not be the only ones being watched... Erika's own life could be on the line.The global bestselling author of "The Girl in the Ice" is back with a heart-racing, electrifying thriller. If you love Angela Marsons, Rachel Abbott and Karin Slaughter, you'll be hooked on Robert Bryndza.Watch out for more from DCI Erika Foster.She's fearless. Respected. Unstoppable. Detective Erika Foster "will" catch a killer, whatever it takes.What people are saying about Robert Bryndza'Oh my gosh!...gripping, grimy, hardcore, thrilling...I was hooked!!!...I loved this book...You Have GOT To Read This!' "A Page of Fictional Love"'I freakin' LOVED it! . . . Once in a while a book stops you in your tracks . . . this is THAT book!' "Crime Book Junkie"'A non-stop, edge-of-your-seat, rollercoaster of a thriller! The ending, oh the ending! My mind is still blown! This book does not disappoint!' "The Book Addicted Boy"'I loved, loved, loved this book and Erika Foster is most definitely my kind of heroine. She is smart, tenacious, direct and passionate...I found the writing tight, evocative and enthralling. I CAN NOT wait for the next installment.' Angela Marsons'An intriguing web of lies, secrets and suspense. I really enjoyed getting to know DCI Foster and am already looking forward to the next book.' Mel Sherratt'A compelling read - once you've started, it's hard to put down.' Rachel Abbott'Hands-down, one of the most exciting, dramatic, tense and compelling thrillers that I think I have ever read.' "Bookaholic Confessions"'Absolute perfection!...Boy are there some sharp turns! There were a few moments when I felt like I had it all figured out and I was so wrong! Fantastic book!...' "The Eternal Optimist"'"The Girl In The Ice" is a brilliantly clever crime thriller...Had me hurtling at full speed, until WHAM!!!! with an ending that just totally blew me away! An absolute must read for all you crime fanatics out there.' "By The Letter Book Reviews"