A sparkling festive romance that will warm your heart this Christmas. The week before Christmas, GP Zander Gillespie finds his festive plans in tatters. He’s supposed to be flying out to his parents’ chateau in Carcassonne with his high-maintenance girlfriend, Melissa. But she has other ideas. She wants to spend Christmas in London with her party friends – and he’s not invited.The prospect of facing his family, with their questions and their sympathy – not to mention the ‘I told you so-s’ - just isn’t an option. Instead, Zander decides to head to his holiday cottage in the quaint moorland village of Lytell Stangdale, where he intends to hide away with his faithful rescue Labrador Alf.Eighty miles away, Livvie’s world has come crashing down. With plans to cook a romantic meal for her boyfriend, she heads home early and walks in on him in a compromising position with their neighbour. Fed-up of his lies and philandering ways, this is the final straw.With her Christmas plans up in smoke, the thought of spending it with her parents and her smug, married sister with her pompous husband in tow, is enough to bring Livvie out in hives. So, when she fires up her laptop and finds the perfect little holiday cottage in Lytell Stangdale available to rent over the festive period, it seems the perfect solution. Or is it…?Zander didn't believe in love at first sight until he set eyes on Livvie. Livvie had sworn off men until she met Zander. The pair may be reluctant to give in to temptation, but fate seems to have other ideas...Join Livvie and Zander - and all the usual characters - for a magical Christmas in Lytell Stangdale. The perfect cosy read to snuggle up with this ChristmasWhat readers are saying about Eliza J Scott:I love, love, love this series' - The Writing Garnet'Highly recommended' - Donna's Book Blog'A perfectly crafted story filled with heart and soul that I couldn't put down' - Stacy is Reading'I absolutely loved it!' - Stardust Book ReviewsThe characters are funny and very real. I could conjure up the images of the people and places as if I was there - Wrong Side of FortyIf you love books about friendship, relationships within a gorgeous setting then this is a book, in fact it is a series that you should consider picking up - Me and My BooksThis author truly is a talented story teller and I love her writing style - Jessica Belmont