A desperate attempt to survive, or the plot of a twisted killer?  Bombs rip through the Boston Marathon crowd. Just like the last time, hysteria engulfs New England. Alex's injured partner clings to life, and she won't sleep until the culprit is found. Can she push her way on to the task force?  Rumors swirl, but hard evidence is as elusive as an icy glacier. With her FBI team wrapped up in the formal investigation, Alex pulls in her newest confidante. Ozzie and Alex team up to quickly separate fact from fiction. But what seems right could be so very wrong.  A brutal murder and robbery. Where is this hunt taking them? Could it be nothing more than a cover?  Secrets from the past come to light, and that's when all bets are off. You think it's over, but it's not. Not by a long shot. The brains behind this crime aren't from this world, and Alex's family may not be able to escape the carnage.  Can Alex handle losing another family member to a sick, twisted person?  The ties that bind people are impossible to detect…especially those with long-standing vendettas. It's a harrowing race to get to the killer…even as soldiers of death continue to make their mark on the city of Boston.  Will Alex survive the onslaught?  Get AT Stake now!  Redemption Thriller Series *Books should be read in the following order:  Alex Troutt Thrillers: AT Bay - book 1 AT Large - book 2 AT Once - book 3 AT Dawn - book 4 AT Dusk - book 5 AT Last - book 6  Ivy Nash Thrillers: IN Defiance - book 7 IN Pursuit - book 8 IN Doubt - book 9 Break IN - book 10 IN Control - book 11 IN The End - book 12  Ozzie Novak Thrillers: ON Edge - book 13 Game ON - book 14 ON The Rocks - book 15 Shame ON You - book 16 ON Fire - book 17 ON The Run - book 18  Alex Troutt Thrillers: AT Stake - book 19 TBD - book 20 TBD - book 21 TBD - book 22 TBD - book 23 TBD - book 24  The Scoop By now you're probably aware that the Alex Troutt thrillers, Ivy Nash thrillers, and the Ozzie Novak thrillers are all under the same Redemption Thriller Series umbrella. Why? Because, ultimately, they all connect -- Alex, Ivy, Ozzie. How? That's part of the mystery that I'm slowly unveiling throughout the Redemption Thriller Series.  Through each sub-series, characters from different books appear in the other novels. If it adds suspense, intrigue, or even a good laugh, I've included a cross-over character -- it's a lot more fun that way. Plus -- and here's the real kicker -- the final six novels will bring all of the major characters together -- Alex, Ivy, Ozzie. It will be explosive and gut-wrenching…in a way that will leave you breathless.