Murder is trending…Hipsters are getting slashed to pieces in the hippest neighborhood in New York City: Williamsburg, Brooklyn. As fear and tension rise in the summer heat, police detectives Petrosino and Hadid eye local gangbangers for the crimes. Meanwhile, slacker reporter Tony Moran and his ex-girlfriend Magaly Fernandez pursue a cold case involving an old woman who mysteriously disappeared a year before. But the closer they all get to the truth, the closer they get to losing their heads.Filled with a broad cast of local characters and told with sardonic wit, this fast-moving, intricately plotted story plays out against a backdrop of rapid gentrification, skyrocketing rents, and class tension, written like only a true native could.Praise for HIPSTER DEATH RATTLE:“Richie Narvaez has created something that’s been missing from recent fiction: a vivid, loving look at city living from the street view.” —Sara Paretsky, award-winning author of Shell Game“Hipster Death Rattle is a smart piece of work featuring the unlikely yet likeable hero Tony ‘Chino’ Moran. Fierce and funny…with a light touch that masks Narvaez’s biting social commentary.” —Reed Farrel Coleman, New York Times bestselling author of What You Break“[Narvaez] has one of the most compelling writing styles I’ve come across in years.” —Lawrence Kelter, author of Back to Brooklyn“Hipster Death Rattle is a debut bursting with verve and personality, loaded with memorable characters and a clear, distinctive voice—courtesy of Richie Narvaez’s knack for sly wit and a crackling plot. A love letter to a forgotten slice of New York that manages to also evoke classic mystery novels of years past, Hipster Death Rattle is both of the moment and evergreen. Not an easy feat, but Narvaez does it with panache. I couldn’t put this book down.” —Alex Segura, author of Blackout and Dangerous Ends“Edgy and wildly entertaining, with a colorful cast of characters and a sweep reminiscent of Tom Wolfe, Hipster Death Rattle is the slasher novel you need in your life right now.” —Michele Campbell, international bestselling author of It’s Always the Husband“Narvaez has some brutal points to make about gentrification…that give the text a crackling fission you don’t find in a typical mystery.” —Mystery Tribune