#1 New York Times bestselling author Daniel Silva strikes again.From Daniel Silva, the #1 New York Times–bestselling author, comes a modern masterpiece of espionage, love, and betrayalShe was his best-kept secret …In an isolated village in the mountains of Andalusia, a mysterious Frenchwoman begins work on a dangerous memoir. It is the story of a man she once loved in the Beirut of old, and a child taken from her in treason's name. The woman is the keeper of the Kremlin's most closely guarded secret. Long ago, the KGB inserted a mole into the heart of the West—a mole who stands on the doorstep of ultimate power.Only one man can unravel the conspiracy: Gabriel Allon, the legendary art restorer and assassin who serves as the chief of Israel's vaunted secret intelligence service. Gabriel has battled the dark forces of the new Russia before, at great personal cost. Now he and the Russians will engage in a final epic showdown, with the fate of the postwar global order hanging in the balance.Gabriel is lured into the hunt for the traitor after his most important asset inside Russian intelligence is brutally assassinated while trying to defect in Vienna. His quest for the truth will lead him backward in time, to the twentieth century's greatest act of treason, and, finally, to a spellbinding climax along the banks of the Potomac River outside Washington that will leave readers breathless.Fast as a bullet, hauntingly beautiful, and filled with stunning double-crosses and twists of plot, The Other Woman is a tour de force that proves once again that “of all those writing spy novels today, Daniel Silva is quite simply the best" (Kansas City Star).Extraordinary Acclaim for House of Spies:#1 New York Times Bestseller#1 Wall Street Journal Bestseller#1 USA Today Bestseller#1 Associated Press Bestseller#1 Washington Post Bestseller"A tense, thrilling adventure. . . . With Silva’s novels you find yourself being educated as well as being entertained. . . . Silva is that rarity of rarities, a writer whose stories just keep getting better."—Huffington Post"An irresistible thriller. . . . The phrase ‘#1 New York Times bestselling author’ gets bandied about a lot (Which list? For how long?), but in Silva’s case, it means exactly what it says."—Booklist, starred review"Written by one of our greatest living spy novelists, House of Spies gives us protagonist Gabriel Allon in his 17th adventure. The novel features Silva’s taut and compelling dialogue and keen insight into the human psyche."—Dallas Morning News"Riveting. . . . Silva’s writing has lost none of its elegance. He provides readers with just enough real-world geopolitics to make sense of his narrative, and his depictions of the different styles of the world’s diverse intelligence services is fascinating as always."—Kirkus Reviews, starred review"One of Silva’s most entertaining books. . . .  It’s uncanny how Daniel Silva keeps doing this. The opening chapters… feel like they were ripped from the headlines. . . . But when Silva created the scenario in his book, the headlines hadn’t been written yet."—Fort Worth Star-Telegram"Outstanding. . . . Readers will eagerly await the next installment in this deeply fulfilling series."—Publishers Weekly, starred review