Fall in love at Bayside, where sandy beaches, good friends, and true love come together in the sweet small towns of Cape Cod. Bayside Summers is a series of standalone romance novels featuring fiercely loyal heroes and sassy, empowered women. They're fun, flirty, flawed, and easy to relate to. About SWEET WITH HEAT novels... Sweet with Heat books are the sweet editions of the award-winning Love in Bloom steamy romance novels by New York Times bestselling author Melissa Foster. Addison Cole is Melissa Foster's sweet-romance pen name. Sweet with Heat books convey all of the passion you expect between two people in love, without any explicit scenes or harsh language. Full of humor, heart, and satisfying happily ever afters, Sweet with Heat novels are perfect beach reads. Hold on to your hat for Violet's fun, flirty, and romantic love story! Lizza is up to her old tricks again, and Violet is in for the surprise of a lifetime!Two years ago Violet Vancroft was a nomadic artist who never wanted to put down roots and Andre Shaw was a prominent Boston physician whose roots ran too deep to unearth. Their love didn’t stand a chance—or at least that’s what Violet believed when she received a plea for help from the sister she’d never really known—so she snuck away like a thief in the night.Now Andre travels the world setting up new medical clinics, and Violet has finally found the family she’d always craved and the roots she’d never known she wanted. When their paths cross unexpectedly, it’s not the reunion either one imagined. But they’ve never stopped loving each other, and after the dust of anger and hurt settles, passion ignites even hotter than before. As the end to Andre’s time at the Cape nears, reality sets in, leaving them no closer to a future than they were before. Violet and Andre are forced to dig deep to discover if they’re destined to live apart forever or if true love really can conquer all.SWEET WITH HEAT: BAYSIDE SUMMERS SERIES Sweet Love at Bayside Sweet Passions at Bayside Sweet Heat at Bayside Sweet Escape at Bayside More Bayside books coming soon!NOW AVAILABLE for Binge Reading! SWEET WITH HEAT: SEASIDE SUMMERS SERIES Read, Write, Love at Seaside Dreaming at Seaside Hearts at Seaside Sunsets at Seaside Secrets at Seaside Nights at Seaside Seized by Love at Seaside Embraced at Seaside Lovers at Seaside Whispers at Seaside