This is an alternate and final cover edition for 9781370523979 
  NOTE
: As of 12-Feb-2019 the book has undergone edits. Please update through your Amazon purchases page if you have bought the book from Amazon or PM me for an updated version of the book.The Alliance lays the groundwork for a 6-volume science fiction series, combining both space opera and post-apocalyptic elements of Earth's thrilling journey from dystopia to utopia to interstellar travel and space colonization, and the evolution of diverse societies—some human, some not—across the centuries, all in the shadow of a galactic menace. Short SummaryIndividuals from different walks of life—and regions of the Milky Way—go head to head with an alien tyrant and his conquest, unaware that they have become pawns of omniscient entities and drawn into an elaborate ploy of universal proportions.Long SummaryEarth's greatest military powers have been crushed to a shadow of their former glory. Invasion has plagued entire continents, throwing surviving societies into turmoil, famine, disease. Mankind's legacy has been reduced to ruins of rubble and rust. The future seems bleak for the isolated pockets of resistance, and what lurks in the skies will not rest until it has claimed every single one.But all is not lost for the despairing humans. In the infinitude of the universe, there may be hope, so long as humans can learn to trust those who claim responsibility for this calamity, who claim their intervention could save both worlds. Nearing extinction, do they have a choice?Salvation rests on the shoulders of two men who are more than what they appear: Ethan Alexander Colt is a resistance fighter expected to make the ultimate sacrifice; the other is the tormented Cpt Donovan Ford, who must conquer his ghosts and embrace his destiny as a soldier.Outnumbered and outmatched, two species will have to depend on the Conduits, ancient combat suits once operated by the infamous Scientists. But humans were designed with flaws, and Ethan and Donovan are no different. Will they see beyond their own aspirations and fight for the greater good? Or will they threaten the endurance of the Galactic Alliance and stability of the cosmos?