Caught between the sweltering fall landscape of Wilmington, NC beaches and southern illusions and expectations, all sixteen year-old Cameron Shade thinks about is art. That, and for Farrah Spangled to view him as more than just a friend. Cameron longs to win her heart through art.After several warm interactions with Farrah, including painting together at the beach, Cameron discovers just how complex Farrah’s life is with her boyfriend and her family. Following a tense run-in with Farrah’s father, she forbids Cameron to ever speak to her again, but Cameron’s convinced there’s more behind the request.To impress Farrah with a last-ditch effort, Cameron sketches her portrait. But the sketchbook he uses hides a dark secret. Farrah’s now in grave danger because the sketch he drew of her siphons her real-life’s soul into the sketchbook. Cameron now has twenty days to extract Farrah. To save her, he must draw himself into the book. If he fails… they both die."Ledbetter successfully makes his fantastic premise very believable... Farrah is a good foil for Cameron, and Ledbetter does a fine job developing their friendship and romantic connection... Because this is not a graphic novel, descriptions are important, and Ledbetter’s finely detailed descriptions serve as effective illustrations for Cameron’s journey.Inventive, fast-paced fantasy with imaginative settings and engaging characters." ~ Kirkus Reviews"Read this book. From the start, I was intrigued with the rare sighting of a young adult male action hero... then, with a quick flip of the switch... Ledbetter takes an innovative turn, with the right amount of creative risk, to amp the story with action-driven, suspenseful, mysterious and romantic elements.What I appreciated was that the twist and turns, once started, didn't stop until the end. Lives must be saved. Time is running out. The bad guy … well, you'll never guess who it is. But this story energetically moves between time, inspires many to step up, challenges many to dig deep and opens the eyes (and hearts) of those hiding behind their fears. So my last wish is that this fantasy adventure hasn't ended." ~Michelle Monkou, USATODAY HEA Blog"Stunning! Each word was vividly woven together, creating a brilliant read... Art is a huge theme throughout, and the way the author clearly weaves fantasy and real-life scenarios is simply amazing. I couldn't stop reading this once I picked it up. Filled with tender moments, hard decisions Cameron has to make. Drawn was original every step of the way! YA lovers, look no further for your next read!"  BTS Book Review