Grace.We talk asthough we understand the term. The bank gives us a grace period. The seedy politician falls from grace. Musicians speak of a gracenote. We describe an actress as gracious,a dancer as graceful. We use the wordfor hospitals, baby girls, kings, and premeal prayers. We talk as though weknow what grace means.But do wereally understand it? Have we settled for wimpy grace? It politely occupies aphrase in a hymn, fits nicely on a church sign. Never causes trouble or demandsa response. When asked, “Do you believe in grace?” who could say no?Max Lucadoasks a deeper question: Have you been changed by grace? Shaped by grace?Strengthened by grace? Emboldened by grace? Softened by grace? Snatched by thenape of your neck and shaken to your senses by grace?God’s gracehas a drenching about it. A wildness about it. A white-water, riptide,turn-you-upside-downness about it. Grace comes after you. It rewires you. Frominsecure to God secure. From regret riddled to better-because-of-it. Fromafraid to die to ready to fly.Grace isthe voice that calls us to change and then gives us the power to pull it off.Let’s makecertain grace gets you. Endorsements for GRACE:“God’s grace—His unconditionally loving, unmerited favor—issometimes difficult for people to grasp, even though each one of us is indesperate need of it. But in Max Lucado’s new book, GRACE, it is completely embraceable and understandable. ThroughLucado’s characteristic narrative style and profound biblical understanding, welearn that God’s grace is truly much more than we deserve and greater than weimagine. “ --Dr. Charles F. Stanley “Max Lucado has blended his creative writing style withhonesty about how he has experienced God’s grace, mercy and forgiveness in hisown times of failure and despair.  Youwill find comfort as Max shines the light of the Word of God revealing thatJesus Christ is truly the only hope that brings everlasting peace.” --Franklin Graham,President and CEO, Samaritan’s Purse, Billy Graham Evangelistic Association“Reading Max Lucado on grace is like hearing Warren Buffetton money or Julia Child on food—it’s a subject he spent a lifetime falling inlove with.” --John Ortberg, pastor and author, Menlo Park PresbyterianChurch “Few writers are better than Max Lucado, no subject isbetter than God’s grace." --Randy Alcorn, author of Heaven and If God is Good"Max gives us encouragement, hope and a needed reminderthat the grace we all possess as followers of Jesus should empower us to movemountains, vs simply settling for pushing wimpy molehills." --Brad Lomenick, President and Executive Director, Catalyst“Max offers up a biblical vision of God’s grace that comesdrenched in sweat and with a set of six-pack abs; a life-defining newness andrelationship-refining kindness straight from the heart of God.” --Tim Kimmel, author of GraceBased Parenting"Some writers aim for the mind, others for the heartand a small number for the soul. With his latest book, 'Grace,' Max Lucado hitsthe trifecta, touching on all three." -- Cal Thomas, Syndicated and USA Today Columnist and Fox News Contributor“If you love the writings of Max Lucado, this will probablybecome your favorite.” -- Stephen Arterburn, Founder and Chairman of New LifeMinistries, host of “New Life Live!” and best selling author“I can think of no more needed message for weary peopleeverywhere, and no better writer than Max Lucado to paint so gloriously thehope that "Christ in you" affords.” --Louie Giglio, creator of Passion Conferences and pastor,Passion City Church