Ah, the perils of writing... it can bring out the worst in you.Anthony's world has fallen apart. The good times have gone, the things he treasures have been torn away. Life in tatters, he needs to press the reset button and begin again. And that’s exactly what’s going to happen. He’s going to pursue his dream of becoming a writer.Trouble is, some dreams turn into nightmares. Beautiful wife, successful business, plenty of cash. He had the lot. Until he didn’t have very much at all. It’s taken a while, but Anthony has finally discovered life is full of bastards and betrayal. Weary and washed out, a change of direction is just what the doctor ordered.He wants to be a horror writer. Write, and in the writing, redefine himself. And again, that’s exactly what’s going to happen. He’s about to discover real horrors. The like of which are beyond comprehension. He could well get lost in his own stories.Because some stories aren’t right. They aren’t just make-believe ink marks on a page. There are worse things in the world than a little double-dealing and deceit. There are things that defy description and beggar the mind. Things that sit outside the walls of reality and scratch at the mortar between the bricks.Sometimes they find a crack and worm their way through.A Plague of Pages is a tale of dangerous words and weird objects. The darkness of the human heart and a greater darkness that swims below the surface of what we happily call normal. Occasionally the darkness pops up and swallows people whole. It’s a cocktail of everyday evil and cosmic horror that will linger long after the last page is turned.Maybe it will make you reconsider those unfulfilled ambitions, the stuff you always wanted to do and somehow never got round to. Like letting loose the frustrated writer inside you.It might make you think twice about the items that slip under the radar. Those neglected trinkets stashed and forgotten in the loft or hidden away in dusty drawers.Perhaps, only a possibility mind, it might make you wonder at the twisted symmetry we pass off as coincidence. The terrible, seemingly inexplicable events we dismiss as happenstance ...and the thin dividing line between fact and fiction.A Plague of Pages is an old school horror story, part of a series of sinister tales from the Dead Boxes Archive.Some objects are inherently bad. No rhyme or reason, they’re just imbued with something that defines them as wrong. Inanimate and yet seething with dark, horrible energy. Bad to the bone baby. Bad to the bone.Dead Boxes definitely fall into that category. Easy to miss. They don’t jump out at you. Not right away. If you look a little closer, you’ll see something unique. You could have one and not know it. Approach with caution. They hold miracle and mystery. Horror and salvation. None are the same. Except in one regard. You don’t need one. You might think you do, but you really don’t. Believe me.