A cup or two of Joe every day is a good way to boost mood, energy and overall health. --Julian Whitaker, M.D., founder of the Whitaker Wellness InstituteWake Up To The Amazing Perks Of Coffee!Java facts you didn't know...According to legend, an Ethiopian goat herder was the first to discover the energizing benefits of the coffee bean plant centuries ago.Drinking freshly ground coffee from whole beans can help lower the risk of heart disease, cancer (including breast, prostate and skin), cirrhosis, type 2 diabetes, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease!Coffee is the number #1 source of antioxidants in the U.S. diet.Two antioxidants key to coffee's health buzz are chlorogenic acid and caffeic acid; and coffee boasts more antioxidants than cocoa and tea!Coffee can relieve a host of ailments, including asthma, dental woes, gallstones, headaches, short term memory loss, muscle pain, as well as help you slim down and shape up!Percolating with information about the world's favorite "new" health food, as well as interviews with medical doctors, researchers, and coffee roasters, this intriguing book (with a jolt of past and present coffee culture) reveals coffee types and blends, and flavored varieties (both regular and decaf), like chocolate, fruits, nuts, and spices. Discover why this potent elixir has gone from vice to virtue and how to incorporate coffee in Mediterranean-style, healthful recipes like Cappuccino Biscotti, Thai Coffee Spice Chicken Sates, Coffee Cheesecake and Maple Espresso Pudding (plus DIY espresso drinks). Also included are more than 50 home cures that fight seasonal affective disorder to fatigue, plus beauty and anti-aging treatments, and eco-friendly household uses--all made with coffee's magical beans!"For heart, mind, and body, Cal Orey shows us why coffee is the most comforting health food on the planet." --Will Clower, Ph.D., founder and president of Mediterranean Wellness, Inc."Can coffee be a fountain of youth? Yes! This book can help you add years to your life." --Karlis Ullis, M.D., Medical Director of Sports Medicine and Anti-Aging Medical Group in Santa Monica, California"This book is a wake-up call to show coffee, an emerging ancient remedy, is now the newest' health food." Ann Louise Gittleman, Ph.D."