I Stalked Him Back (Love at First Crime #7)  He stalked her from afar for years, so now she’s returning the favor.  I haven’t always been the best person. I’ve rarely made the right choices. I have a past that is painful and dark, One I didn’t think I would survive. But I was saved. And finally, after going through hell, Things are beginning to change. I’m becoming independent again. I’m getting stronger. No one but I can see this. He certainly can’t. He’s been stalking me for a long time. It’s his way of keeping me protected. And I’ve let him do this. But now it’s time the tables are turned. Now it’s time for me to protect him. I’m about to become the savior, And I won’t let him down. I can’t. Because if I fail, then I’ll lose everything. Stalking to save a life doesn’t sound ethical… Then again, as some people say: there is nothing quite like love at first … crime.   *Author Note  Warning: This book contains course language, sexual situations, scenes (off page) of abuse and torture, and mentions of rape (which happened in the past of one character). If these are triggers for you then perhaps consider that this might not be a suitable book.  Recommended for readers 17+  I Stalked Him Back is a romantic suspense. Each previous book in this series can be read out of order, however this is the final book and I would recommend having read at least book 6 – I Poisoned Her Coworkers - to get the full scope of this one.  Please note this book ends at approx. 41,000 words (65%-ish). There are bonus epilogues for the previous books in the series, and one for this book, which comes to approx. 20,000 words.  Series Complete Book 1: I Stole His Car (Zander and Ava) (m/f) Book 2: I Knocked Him Out (Declan and Sasha) (m/f) Book 3: I Burned Down His House (Joey and Teagan) (m/f) Book 4: I Broke Into His Office (Harvey and Nix) (m/m) Book 5: I Blackmailed Her Brother (Cynthia and Scarlett) (f/f) Book 6: I Poisoned Her Coworkers (Gemma and Hunter) (m/f) Book 7: I Stalked Him Back (Lennox and Jerry) (m/f)  Professionally edited by Traci Finlay and Erica Edits 