Product Description
  
    From Reviews on Amazon and Goodreads
  

  
    
  
"I have read a great many Indie books recently and every once in a while you find a true gem. DOING MAX VINYL is one of those gems."
  "Read this book--you won't be disappointed. BTW, I may just add Annie Ogden to my five-top-people-to-have-lunch-with list!"

  
"I particularly enjoyed two of the male characters, Ike and Tranny, a couple of ex-cons that work for Max Vinyl. The way that they fought like an old married couple as they dealt with the plot's unexpected twists had me in stitches throughout the book."
  "Like Hiassen, who writes from an abiding affection for South Florida, Brooke's satire of reckless polluting is rooted in a love and knowledge of Chicago and Lake Michigan."

  
"Annie Ogden, a war veteran home after 3 tours of duty in Iraq, is trying to find her place in life. A self-sufficient, strong willed woman, she takes matters into her own hands to see justice achieved. The topic of returning veterans and their struggle to fit back into society is handled in a genuine, unique and passionate way."
  
    Discover why Doing Max Vinyl (An Annie Ogden Mystery) currently ranks #1 on Goodreads Best Mysteries/Thrillers/Suspense Novels of 2011!
  
 
  Doing Max Vinyl (An Annie Ogden Mystery)

  Earth first. Okay, maybe second. Third? She'll KILL you!

  
Max Vinyl's type of success story can only happen in America. Rising from humble beginnings, he has reached the height of the computer recycling racket. Problem is, he's using Lake Michigan as his own personal profit center. Even that wouldn't have been a problem if his environmentalist girlfriend Tris hadn't found out his dirty secret. And while Max is devastated by his love crashing down around him, he's about to learn that the rage of a woman scorned packs far more firepower and potential for destruction than he had ever imagined.Iraq War veteran Annie Ogden has spent three tormented months living in a cabin alone trying to re-discover her purpose in life. When two of Max's thugs threaten Annie's sister, she is dragged into his corrupt world in an unwitting alliance with the environmentalist, Tris. Which is really lousy news for Max. Will he hold up under the coordinated attacks of two furious women? As things spin completely out of control and complications mount, it's all Max can do to stay one step ahead until it's all he can do to stay alive!A farce full of hysterics and chicanery, Frederick Lee Brooke's first installment of the Annie Ogden mysteries is an incisive examination of corporate lunacy, greed and modern disconnection. Having received multiple four and five-star reviews on Amazon, Doing Max Vinyl: An Annie Ogden Mystery is loaded with razor-sharp dialogue, ingenious plotting and so much fun it should be illegal!