Warning:  The novel that you are about to read contains various depictions of graphic violence and disturbed, unsettling situations that some may find offensive and disgusting. If I am to be completely honest, this book should not be read by everyone. Every character in this book is exactly that, a character. No one portrayed in this novel is based on any living person. It is simply fictional. That being said, nothing in this book is supposed to make sense. It is purposely surreal, which, in other words, means unrealistic. The majority of these accounts could obviously not happen in real life. That is the point of a book. To be over exaggerated, and you know, improbable. I did my part, and I warned you. To say the least, I am sorry for your nightmares. - Skylerr Darren.Everyone, no matter who they are, has experienced a gloomy nightmare at least one point in their life. A dream so lucid and vivid that you aren't sure if the frightening tribulation truly happened or not. Victor Florence has been the victim of these startling, unearthly afflictions since his early adolescence, and it has molded him into the spineless introvert that he is today; a panic-stricken schizophrenic. Longing to desert his shattered past with little to no hope at all, Victor attempts a career at psychology to understand himself and the world around him, but that proves to be anything but simple. Before you can truly comprehend Victor, you first have to read his account."There sat a frail, abnormally-pallid African-American man. His weight looked rather questionable. He looked as if he hadn't eaten in months, judging by the fact that his integral skeleton had been visible through his diminished skin. He stared at me with no facial expression. He just sat there, staring."Satan, the brooding, scriptural ghoul that takes on the responsibility for murder, perversion, and the gruesome deaths of children. Society views these horrors as a grim nightmare-a nightmare in which one would desperately attempt to wake up from. But in reality, you simply just can't wake up from a nightmare, for both reality and fiction have become one. Victor, a timid young college student dreadfully awakens into such a demonic ordeal from the repulsive dismiss of his relatives, to macabre dreams and morbid occurrences. Do not look at Interview with The Devil: Part 1 as a mere book but instead the detour into your own self-morality.