17 short stories to benefit Jordyn Preston, daughter of Beverly PrestonHeidi McLaughlin - Fighting For Our Forever… Baby styleThe Beaumont Gang comes together for the birth of Ajay and Whiskey’s son.Kathy Coopmans - Pure RoseMeet Rose and Owen in this short sexy story about two single parents in their forties.Think Cinderella meets Prince CharmingOpposites really do attract.Amy Briggs - Waking Up to ForeverWhat happened when Snow White woke up to her Prince Charming?When Jaqueline White awoke from a coma, the result of a poisoned apple, her doctor Jacob McIntyre, was by her side. They’d never met, but it was fate that drew them together when he saved her life.Now, one year later and days away from their wedding, disasters begin to strike in tandem, threatening to ruin the entire day. Jacob and Jackie work tirelessly to put out one fire after another, wondering if these catastrophes and mishaps are a sign from the universe that perhaps they aren't meant to be after all.Does true love really conquer all or are curses just not meant to be broken?Adriana Locke - CrushDelaney McCallister isn’t looking for a date. She just wants clean pajamas so she can go back home, flop on the couch, and relax. As the spin cycle begins, in walks the most delectable man she’s ever seen—one that clearly doesn’t belong in her small town. She doesn’t belong in his bed, either, but a simple little crush never hurt anyone.Shari J. Ryan - Love, RoseI didn’t want Frankie back. I didn’t want him to stay, but I wanted him to know how much I loved him, why I loved him, and what I would have done to make him happy. Through letter after letter, I poured my heart and soul onto paper and mailed them.The letters never made it to Frankie. Frankie moved away, but a new man moved into his old place. His name was Colton, and he was the one who received all my letters.When Colton wrote back, he told me my words changed his life. He wanted to meet me.I didn’t know that meeting Colton would also change my life.Julie A. Richman - ReunionTwo high school besties.Two ex-boyfriends.A 10-year high school reunion.An unexpected surprise revealing a long-kept secretThere are just some nights you’ll never forget...HJ Bellus - Coming HomeThe My Way Gang is back together. Annie has news to break to her dad, Cree. Life on the farm will never be the same.Sam JD Hunt - Roses for RachelMajor Jonah “Whaler” Jones is at rock bottom. After losing his wife in a tragic accident that he’ll never forgive himself for, the once elite fighter pilot is ready to end it all. But one sweltering Vegas morning, a voice from beyond changes the trajectory of his life.“Wake up, Jonah, and go get my roses,” she says.On a hungover quest to fulfill his dead wife’s request, he stumbles upon Hannah Green. A struggling widow, Hannah fills her days crafting copper roses. Although he vowed to never love again, Jonah knows that his beloved Rachel came to him that morning with a purpose; and that purpose was Hannah.Tara Leigh - Finley and Sebastián, Wages of Sin seriesIt’s a steamy summer in New York City,and the newest couple in the Wages of Sinseries is burning up the pages.With Aislinn and Damon away,Finley and Sebastián will play.Let the games begin.Kaylee Ryan - Whiskey &amp; RosesYou met Rhett and Saylor in Hey, Whiskey.My outlook on life has changed in the last fifteen years. I now have a husband and a family I can lean on. I’ve paved my own path, but they’ve traveled it with me.Not a single day have I regretted my choice to make this small town in West Virginia my home. We’ve built a life here and raised our kids here.Now here we are fifteen years later, and I’m about to show my wife that even after all these years, she’s all I see.Michelle Dare - Where I EscapeYou never know where your life will lead. Mine led me to a man who abused me. Who hurt me. Who destroyed everything I was. I never thought I’d be whole again.Love is something my friends have, not me. I thought it was unattainable. Until I met Finn.He knows of my past. He’s held me through my nightmares. I’ve never met someone so kind and patient.Where I escape is into the arms of Finn where everything in my world finally feels right again.Haylee Thorne - Capturing TomorrowBachelorette party shenanigans planned √Hotel suites booked √Invites sent √Jet fueled √Have all your plans go to hell√Phoenix Kingsley is about to find out that sometimes even the best laid out plans fall apart…and it’s not always a bad thing…Michelle Windsor - Coming Up RosesFive long hours in flight.Four cocktails in.Three little words.Two strangers in first class.One unexpected connection.Buckle up and prepare for takeoff as Griffin Harrison and Chloe Adams find themselves encountering more than turbulence on their way to New York City. Make sure your tray tables are locked and in their upright position, cause things are gonna get bumpy.Verlene Landon - LINE 39Lena gave up on life and abandoned her dreams of a happily-ever-after when a freak accident took her eye, most of her vision, and left her scarred. Her only reason for living now is to make her terminally-ill father believe otherwise.Rue is blinded by the beauty of Casterton’s newest resident, but he can’t work up the nerve to approach her. Sadly, he notices her leaving Carol’s every week with a bouquet of flowers from someone who obviously has the courage he lacks.Lucky for them, a happy-go-lucky golden retriever puppy helps them both to see what’s right in front of their faces.Kristin Mayer - Mine to ProtectAustin and Scarlette come together in a story that will keep you on the edge of your seat to the very end.MJ Fields - The Way We FellBen and Kendall, part one.(Brand new part of the Legacy world)One brilliant smile, and my heart beat for what felt like the very first time.One night as he held my sister and sang to her, it broke.Years later, his smile is different, and I curse my heart when it beats in an all too familiar way, a way it’s only ever beat for him... again.He was once hers, could he ever truly be mine?Rebecca Brooke - Ring MeI am not a bully.At least not anymore. I’d learned my lesson even before I had all my dreams ripped away.Then I saw her. I knew I wanted her to be mine.I made so many mistakes, but she let me in and gave me her heart.Now I want to keep it forever.How do I ask the woman of my dreams to spend the rest of her life with me? Simple, just ask.At least I thought it would be that easy.