An MM Shifter Mpreg Romance. Can a cheery reindeer omega help heal a grinchy snow leopard? 
  Max Drum
Max is a snow leopard alpha trying to forget a painful childhood. He left his hometown at 19, settled in Vale Valley, and never looked back. By day, he's a hard-working carpenter. By night, he's an aspiring novelist. He's happy living a solitary life. Or so he thinks. Then, he meets Ren. The thought of relying on anyone emotionally sends Max into a panicky tailspin, but he can't resist Ren's scent, nor his delightfully delicious crepes, so they decide on a casual relationship full of heat and passion. When tragedy strikes, the blurred lines are tested. Another complication arises when Max’s brother begs him to forgive their father for inflicting so much misery on them as children. Does he have the faith and courage to take the leap into the unknown? And can Ren help him see the true meaning of Christmas? 
  Ren Svenson
Ren, a reindeer omega, is all about holiday cheer, at least at first glance. Rejected by his reindeer herd as a child, he settled in Vale Valley and is now on his way to realizing his dreams after opening his very own creperie, Sweet Bites. He’s been content to dabble in casual affairs, but something changes when he gets a taste of Max, a handsome and brooding snow leopard omega. Misfortune brings them closer than they intended, and when he finds out about their own special Christmas bundle of joy, he has to consider how to navigate their relationship going forward.Can he learn to trust again and let Max into his heart? Or will his childhood rejection continue to cripple his ability to commit? 
  His Christmas Lullaby is the sixth book in a multi-author series about Vale Valley, a small town open to everyone in need of love and a home. Each installment can be read as a standalone.
 It features a sassy omega, a brooding alpha, delicious crepes, and enough holiday spirit to last you all year! Grab your hot cocoa, snuggle up on the couch, and settle in for a knotty, heartwarming holiday read!