THIS ANTHOLOGY IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE!Ten hot vampire romance novels by NY Times &amp; USA Today bestselling authors.Passionate Bites is a paranormal romance collection loaded with sizzling hot alpha-males &amp; badass heroines. From vampires to werewolves to witches &amp; demons, these dark, sensual tales of romantic suspense weave a tapestry of intrigue, desperation, betrayal, &amp; enough steamy desire to satisfy every taste.DARKNESS SERIES, 1 &amp; 2 - K.F. BreeneSasha has grown up with one surety: she’s not normal. Since she was little, she’s had unexplained talents &amp; seen strange shapes in the shadows no one else can see. One night, everything changes. Suddenly she is immersed in a world full of danger &amp; magic. She must finally reveal her secrets in order to survive.LUCA’S MAGIC EMBRACE - Kym GrossoIn the Big Easy, vampire, Luca Macquarie, &amp; witch, Samantha Irving, embark on a spellbinding journey, searching for a mystical relic. With cryptic clues &amp; clandestine allies, will they destroy the dangerous amulet before others acquire it? Will Luca give in to his erotic desire for the witch who magically captures his heart?DAMON - Teresa GabelmanDamon DeMasters, vampire warrior, has taken an oath to protect his own kind as well as humans. Social worker, Nicole Callahan fights for the right of every child placed in her care. Damon has been ordered to train Nicole &amp; her colleagues against the dangers they now face. Even as sparks fly, Nicole &amp; Damon depend on each other to protect the children of both races.DESTINED - Brenda K. DaviesTerrified of becoming mated like her parents, Isabelle has locked herself away to avoid their fate. Despite her determination to remain alone, her world is rocked when Stefan arrives at their door. Just as she begins to let her guard down, Stefan’s dark &amp; deadly past catches up to him &amp; threatens to destroy them both.HONEYMOON BITE - Sharon HamiltonAnne caught her husband cheating before their wedding cake was cut, so she takes her honeymoon in Tuscany alone. Bitten by a vampire on her wedding night, she is left for dead, until Marcus Monteleone, her 300 year old fated mate, rescues her. Will they be able to navigate Marcus’ rocky &amp; dangerous past to have an immortal future together?A SUMMONER’S TALE - Victoria DanannThe devastatingly seductive ex-vampire, Istvan Baka, is forced to relive his tragic life as human &amp; confront his past as vampire while his friends search for him. That search ultimately proves that love waits patiently through lifetimes for a second chance.BLOOD AND SNOW VOLUMES 1-8 - RaShelle Workman"Lips red as rubies, hair dark as night. Drink your true love's blood, become the Vampire, Snow White."Every thousand years the Vampire Queen selects a new body, always the fairest in the land, &amp; this time she’s chosen Snow White.THE NIGHTLIFE SAN ANTONIO - Travis LuedkeVampires, Mafia &amp; Sexy Mayhem:EMT on call, Adrian Faulkner resuscitates a beautiful woman after a mafia shootout. He can't explain why he picks her up in the hospital parking lot three days later, then ducks the police. She wanted to escape. He wanted to get laid. They both got more than they bargained for.MIDNIGHT CAPTIVE - Arial BurnzAfter seven years, James Knightly returns as a master swordsman, ready to captain a ship &amp; wed his childhood sweetheart, Cailin MacDougal. Waiting for him is a dagger-toting hellion for a bride, an immortal father-in-law, &amp; an enemy bent on threatening the family James holds most dear.