READERSFAVORITE.COM AWARD WINNER IN HORRORNATIONAL IPBA AWARD WINNER IN HORRORAward-winning author David C. Cassidy draws you into a realm of terror, a world unlike any other. With the inspired flair of Clive Barker and the pulse-pounding beat of Stephen King, The Dark will leave you breathless, reminding us all that for all we desire there is always a price, the currency in suffering and sacrifice. Brimming with insidious evil and a nerve-wracking pace that never lets up, this story will grab hold of your most primitive fears and crank them up to Warp 10–and won’t let go.IT KNOWS WHAT YOU WANT. IT KNOWS WHAT YOU NEED.In denial over his father’s death in a horrific accident, Kelan Lisk has grown fearful and withdrawn. For this meek and bullied child, a burning desire to tame a deadly sledding hill consumes him, drawing him inside a wondrous place where anything is possible … including his father. But as this strange new realm spills into this one, twisting an innocent little boy into an agent of evil, the world is forever changed, devoured by an even greater evil—the Dark.Praise for The Dark:“The Dark is everything that horror fiction fans want—scary, unsettling, relentless and so creepy that you will not want to read it at night.”“The characters become your best friends within the pages, and you end up biting your nails as you read, wondering who will make it out of this in one piece.”“You can’t read this in the dark because the author has made it too real … so you feel the darkness is trying to consume you before you reach the last page. This is horror at some of its finest.”“Readers will be swept along by its narrative and lost in the world that Cassidy evokes so frighteningly well. All the characters have depth, and there is enough terror to scare the wits out of everyone.”“The plot itself is nothing short of genius … this was one book I did not want to put down, while at the same time, I didn’t want to turn the pages for fear of being drawn deeper into The Dark.”“While reading The Dark, you’re going to wonder why David C. Cassidy isn’t the household name that Stephen King’s or Dean Koontz’s are. The writing and story plot are on par with both of those illustrious authors.”“David C. Cassidy writes with tremendous depth, emotion and imagination so that you are truly pulled deep into the story. The Dark compares with works of King and Koontz and is tremendously difficult to put down.”“The Dark is a lean, mean psychological thrill ride that offers generous shades of horror masters such as King or Koontz.”“Cassidy doesn’t write scenes—he puts you in them.”“Terrifying, gripping, The Dark is a taut read that will make you want to keep turning the pages.”