In Taste the Wild Wonder, fresh new poetic voice John Mark Green takes the reader on a transformative journey, awakening the heart to see the world with new eyes. This imaginative collection explores life, mortality, meaning, creativity, love, wonder, and nature, through the windows of 71 poems and 11 interior illustrations.These poems are infused with what the Japanese call yūgen - "a profound, mysterious sense of the beauty of the universe ... and the sad beauty of human suffering" (Benito Ortolani), and wabi-sabi - the beauty of impermanent, imperfect, and transient things.Since 2014, John Mark Green has grown a worldwide following for his poetry on social media. This is his first book."John Mark Green writes with soul and weaves poetry from love and bones and fire. His new book is art and includes illustrations that complement the words beautifully."—Jacob Nordby, author of Blessed Are the Weird - A Manifesto for Creatives"I make my living, in large part, working on science documentaries like "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" and "Through the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman." As such, John's poetry, and the celestial muse that inspires and infuses it, speaks to me at an almost cellular level. His words, enhanced by Beth Little's whimsical art, are about the profound improbability of our existence, the majesty of a cosmos seeing itself through dumbstruck human eyes, the phosphorescent beauty of everyday nature, our infinite smallness in the face of a plumbless universe, and the bittersweet acknowledgment that one day our eyes must forever close to this majestic ballet."—Brandon Fibbs, Factual ProducerSegment writer/producer at Through the Wormhole With Morgan FreemanResearch Coordinator at Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey"Taste The Wild Wonder has delighted my heart with its poetic wisdom and awe-inspiring imagery. It was a joy to read, a shooting star across the sky of those who are looking to heal, to grow, and to find the light and the hope in their lives again.(A Better Today Media book review)—Liz Newman, author of Hope Between Heartbeats"Taste the Wild Wonder is a rare collection of elegant observations of the eternal that doesn't get too puffed up in itself in the process. The poems contain a series of "short, sharp shocks" of recognition that are worth reading and re-reading. Some lines, like "Night is a shameless voyeur," remain long in my memory."—Robert F. Darden, Professor - Baylor UniversityAuthor of more than 25 books, including Nothing But Love in God's Water, Volume I: Black Sacred Music from the Civil War to the Civil Rights Movement (Penn State University Press, 2014)