Martigan Phillips  In junior high, I was that kid. You know the one. The one that was somehow always on the outside looking in. The one that never understood why people made it their life goal to find everything that was wrong with me. I was that kid that kids picked on to fit in with other kids. Somehow that all changed when I moved to a different school and discovered my hardened personality and inability to trust anyone made me mysterious and cool to people who didn't previously know me. And then I met the group and suddenly I wasn't alone in the world. Too bad that doesn't always keep the demons at bay and I still have days when I'm that kid waiting for someone to pull some kind of prank on me that will inevitably bring all my hard work crumbling down around me. So imagine how leery I am when Miller Walt, the man I've been crushing on for months and I'm pretty sure doesn't even know my name agrees to be my fake boyfriend to fool my cousin. And when I hear him and his brother talking about me, of course I'm going to assume they are planning something to humiliate me.  Miller Walt  I'm pretty sure Martigan Phillips is my mate. How could I not know, you ask. Well, a shifter's ability to know their mate relies on being able to smell them and Martigan Phillips has no scent. There is another way, but we'll keep it PG. I agree to be his boyfriend for three reasons. ONE: His cousin is a nasty excuse for a human being and really needs to be knocked down a peg. TWO: The idea of anyone else stepping into that role pisses my wolf and me off. And THREE: I'm desperate for a good reason to get closer to Martigan and also to discover if he is, in fact, my mate. I'll just need to get the nineteen-year-old who is leery of everyone and everything to trust me. That shouldn't be hard, right? When his cousin's attempts to embarrass him turn dangerous, I get my chance to scent my dragon mate and I've never been happier. But Martigan has built up quite a shell over the years and breaking though isn't going to be easy. It's probably a good thing his friends are on my side.  Warning: Mpreg elements! (Though the MCs in this book aren't and cannot get pregnant, this is a spin-off series from my Chosen series. Occasional Mpreg characters might have cameos. You've been warned!)  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses:: 