Would you dare to follow your dream and move or retire to Italy? Stef Nico did, although their dog Sara had her doubts. Now from your comfortable armchair you can share in the hilarious horrendous adventures they experienced when they moved to Italy to start a bed and breakfast.For lovers of amusing travelogue memoirs who like a good laugh. And for those interested in practical advice on how to buy a house in Italy there is useful information along the way, pleasantly presented within the short stories.Glossary of Italian words included! Learn the true meaning of Italian phrases and expressions like "non ci sono problemi", "di fiducia", "persone serie", "tutto a norma" and many more. Learn a bit of the foreign language before going to Italy.Recognition:Reader Views 2016/17 Literary Awards WinnerReaders Favorite 2017 Award Winner Travel categoryEric Hoffer Award Finalist2017 ELIT Award Winner Travel categoryIAN Book of the Year Finalist Travel Humor/Comedy/Satire categoriesNew York Amsterdam Book Festival Honourable MentionsReviews:"a comical, often downright hilarious account" Reader's Favorite Review ☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️"Smulders' storytelling artistry is wildly entertaining" Blogcritics/Reader Views ☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️"Stef Smulders ... does what a good writer does: He writes what he observes and leaves the judgement to you, the reader. No constant bellyaching from Mr. Smulders. I like that. I really like that." James Martin, Italy expert, wanderingitaly.com"Fantastico! I am a tough critic and have nothing but kudos for this book. Buy this book!!" Elliana on Amazon"There is more of the flavor of Italy in this book than in ... Frances Mayes' 'Under the Tuscan Sun'" Amazon review by Grady Harp HALL OF FAME TOP 100"now I can add Stef Smulders to the list of my favorite expat authors" N.N. LightSummary:In 2008 Stef Smulders, his partner Nico and their dog Saar emigrated to Italy to start a new life and set up their B Villa I Due Padroni. They sold their home, left their friends and family behind and took a leap into the unknown. Now Stef shares his experiences in a collection of witty short stories. The book treats the trials and tribulations of an emigration.The reader is introduced to a full range of Italian characters, from the trustworthy to the rogue, from the gentle to the shameless, flesh and blood Italians. Some are stereotype, others unexpectedly original. Yet they never fail to amuse and entertain.Lovers of books I loved likeMichelle Damiani's Il Bel CentroKatherine Wilson's Only in NaplesTim Parks' Italian Ways Italian NeighboursFrances Mayes' Under the Tuscan Sun Bella TuscanyGerald Durrell's Corfu TrilogyBill Bryson's Neither Here Nor There The Road to Little Dribblingwill probably love this book as well.Living in Italy is a nice companion to the Lonely Planet Italy Travel Guide!Readers' reviews:"I was hooked""Couldn't put the book down""What a fantastic read!""Hilarious!""Addicting!""Recommended!"