This is the third book in the Reed Security Series and should be read in order. “I don’t think I’m going to like this.” “Doesn’t matter. You promised you would be nice to me today, so you have to do what I say.” “I don’t think being nice to you equates to doing whatever you say.” “Come on. It’ll be fun,” she said, wiggling her eyebrows up and down. “That’s what Sinner used to say and then we’d end up in jail in Mexico.” “This is me we’re talking about. How bad could it be?” “If I let you do whatever it is you’re about to do, there are ground rules.” “Fine, lay it on me.” “There will be no painting any of my nails or dying my hair. I’m not an experiment for you.” “It’s nothing like that. I just want to give you a massage. We should try to loosen up your muscles. I bet it would really feel good after doing PT.” She said it like she wanted to help, but all my d!@k heard was ‘it would feel really good’. There was no way in hell this was a good idea, but I had told her I would be nice to her. “Fine.” “Yes! Okay, you go in your bedroom and strip down and put a towel around your waist. Lie on your stomach and I’ll be in as soon as I have all the stuff I need.” “Whoa, whoa, whoa. You didn’t say anything about getting naked or laying on my bed.” “Are you chicken?” “Why are you always baiting me?” “Why are you afraid to lie down on a bed naked and let me touch you?” She asked innocently enough, but I could see the way her eyes trailed down my body momentarily. “I don’t think this is a good idea.” “You don’t think anything is a good idea. Now, go do what I said.” She turned and walked away, leaving me staring where she once stood and wondering how the hell I was going to keep my body under control with her touching me. “I’ll be ready in five minutes and I’ll be coming in whether you’re ready or not!”  Cazzo has always been the strong man that leads his team into danger and ensures their safety. But when Cazzo is shot protecting Vanessa Adams, he finds himself feeling like half the man that he used to be. When things don’t appear to be getting better with him, Cap takes things into his own hands by forcing him to protect the woman that got him into this mess to begin with.  Vanessa has always been under her father’s thumb, but when the man protecting her is almost killed, she knows that she needs to figure out what’s going on behind her father’s secretive demeanor. After finding herself under Sam’s protection once again, it becomes more and more difficult to decide if she wants things to move forward with him or if she wants to finally have a life of her own.