Brand new Horror novel from acclaimed author Iain Rob Wright. Can you figure out the secret and escape before it's too late?  Cheryl wants to get to know her co-workers. That's the only reason she agreed to go on a 'company outing.' She and six of her colleagues are going to be locked inside a room with only their wits to help them. If they escape in time, there'll be prize money. Fail, and the repercussions might be deadly.  Cheryl will soon find out that the people she works with all share a secret, one they are willing to kill for.  A brand new chiller novel from Iain Rob Wright. Grab your copy of Escape! today and try to figure out the mystery before the timer runs out.   WHAT READERS ARE SAYING   An absolute wonderful read. Had me guessing from the beginning.  Excellent fast paced story with an unseen twist at the end.  WOW!!!... what another brilliant book which is truly horrifying and twisted, this put's another twist to the meaning of "TEAM BUILDING" at work.  Makes you wonder about the people you work with.  Escape! is one of the most unique, gruesome, and horrifying books I’ve ever read, and I loved every minute of it!  Great thriller with a lot of twists and turns. Kept me on the edge of my seat.  So intense I couldn't stop until I reached the end.  If you enjoy Stephen King or James Herbert, then you'll enjoy this book too.  Escape! Is scary because something like this could really happen and people are really that sick!  Escape! is so thrilling that I stayed up late and just kept on reading until I couldn´t keep my eyes open anymore.  You just can't put this book down, a real page turner.  Iain takes the latest popular entertainment experience "the escape room" and twists it turning it into another page turner, keeping you trapped in the pages until you escape at the end.  An intense joyride filled with a solid shock and awe factor that will keep you turning pages.  Spine tingling from the first line to the mind-blowing conclusion! A must read for thrill seekers.  Will never, ever, do an escape room after this!  A great read - excellent plot and another one to keep me up well past my bedtime!