Hanson Rodgers  My dad's best friend is big and burly and gorgeous and has the ability to make my harpy's blood––yes, I'm a male harpy––boil. When he offered my brother and I a job on Terra Mortis, I knew it was probably a bad idea, no matter how much I wanted to live on the island and be a part of a world where everyone was as much different as they were the same. It was just too much temptation to live and work with a man I had wanted as mine since I was a teenager. And boy was I right. Now that I'm grown up, all I want is for Ridge to see me as something other than his best friend's son. Too bad Ridge is nearly two-hundred years old and completely set in his ways. Once a son of his best friend, always a son of his best friend. It's enough to make me want to smoke all the cigarettes on Terra Mortis. And I just might… because it makes Ridge growl when I poison my lungs.  Ridge Burris  Once a son of my best friend, always a son of my best friend. The fact that Hanson Rodgers is a full grown man with full grown man parts does not change the fact that he is the son of my best friend, no matter how blown away my antavros beast and I are by him. Unfortunately, when it comes to the little blond beauty who likes to smoke just to make me growl and drink just to hear me cuss, I have little to no control over my reactions and I just know one of these days he is going to push me to do something incredibly stupid, like kiss his brains out. Yeah… kiss.  Warning: Mpreg elements! (Though the MCs in this book aren't and cannot get pregnant, this is a spin-off series from my Chosen series. Occasional Mpreg characters might have cameos. You've been warned!)  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::  