Read all the critically-acclaimed, historical adventure novels of Lance &amp; James Morcan – available now in one box set at a discounted price. FOUR HISTORICAL ADVENTURES spans over 2,000 action-packed pages. Each epic tale is set in the 19th Century and each has strong romantic themes.White Spirit (A novel based on a true story)Into the Americas (A novel based on a true story)World Odyssey (The World Duology, Book 1)Fiji: A Novel (The World Duology, Book 2)White Spirit (A novel based on a true story):This epic novel is based on the remarkable true story of Irish convict John Graham who escapes the notorious Moreton Bay Penal Settlement on Australia’s east coast to find sanctuary with the Kabi, a tribe of Aborigines who eventually accept him as one of their own. John is torn between two women – one black, one white – and is forced to choose between them.Into the Americas (A novel based on a true story):A gritty, real-life adventure based on one of history’s greatest wilderness survival stories. It’s a tale of two vastly different cultures – North America’s First Nations people and European civilization – colliding head on in the early 1800’s in the Pacific Northwest. One reviewer says the action is relentless. Another describes it as a Romeo and Juliet story set in the wilderness.World Odyssey (The World Duology, Book 1):This novel follows the fortunes of three young travelers. Their adventures span sixteen years and see them engage with Native Americans, Barbary Coast pirates, Aborigines, Maoris and Pacific Islanders as they travel around the world – from America to Africa, from England to the Canary Islands, to Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific Islands. Their adventures continue in Fiji.Fiji: A Novel (The World Duology, Book 2):A continuation of the dramatic adventures of the travelers who feature in book one in the duology, this novel is set entirely in Fiji. English missionary Susannah Drake wants to convert the Fijians while American adventurer Nathan Johnson wants to trade muskets to them. There’s conflict ahead. The unlikely pair soon have to depend on each other for their very survival.