Fate always interrupts a good lay.It all started when I was bare-ass naked with my boyfriend, Tommy, riding atop a rock in Middle-of-Nowhere, Nevada. Tommy’s eyes were just starting to roll back in his head when in walks this wolf like he’s my mom on a meth trip, staring at us like all the bouncing came from clowns at a rodeo.I’m not against an audience, but this beast is growling like he’s an over-protective husband, and according to Tommy, I’m growling back. Next thing I know, Tommy is halfway across the desert and I’m at an elite academy for Witches, Shifters, Vampires, and Fae looking like the on-call hooker from the local bunny club. It was the lacy red bra that did it.Bloodwood Academy for the Supernatural has only one rule: Don’t bang students outside your race.So, of course, that just so happens to be the first thing I do. After all, how can you say no to a Fae God with golden eyes, a moody Werewolf with daddy issues, and a Vampire who doesn’t sparkle (Thank God)… but with the things he can do with his fingers, I just might.My men are not only sending my panty budget through the roof but now my life is in danger. Like, really, it turns out that if I don’t vamoose back to my single wide at the trailer park some jealous females are going to rip my throat out. I need to figure out why I’m connected to all of them, and why the headmaster has it out for me, before I find myself ten feet under. My guys think it’s in my boobs. I mean blood. Yeah… blood.Bloodwood Academy is a full-length Reverse Harem with a snarky heroine, shirtless men, love scenes that will send you swooning, no end to pulsing… muscles, action to gasp to, and an ending that you will never see coming.Settle in for a heart-pounding college age reverse harem that will unwrap all of your paranormal fantasies, and take you on a self-discovery story that celebrates the strength, compassion, and our heroines right to choose one man, or all of them.After all, why choose one paranormal sex-muffin when you can have them all.