Welcome to Havenwood Falls, a small town in the majestic mountains of Colorado. A town where legacies began centuries ago, bloodlines run deep, and dark secrets abound. A town where nobody is what you think, where truths pose as lies, and where myths blend with reality. A place where everyone has a story. This is only but one…  Graysin Ravenal hasn’t seen her sister in years, but when she learns Jenni has mysteriously died in a library fire, she leaves her upscale beach community for the mountains of Colorado in search of answers. She needs a job, and Havenwood Falls happens to need an interior designer for the new library. The last thing she needs, though, is to fall for the dark and sexy Everett Weston, aka her new boss.  Their undeniable mutual attraction aside, keeping their relationship professional proves impossible as their lives collide in more ways than one.  Graysin finds herself immersed in a world heavily guarded by secrets and lies—a world Everett seems to know quite well, making him her only hope in finding the answers she seeks. As they work together to unlock the mystery surrounding Jenni’s death, their ever-increasing passion must be denied, no matter what their hearts say. Because the story they’re thrown into is one of desire and danger that not only uncovers a centuries old secret that could destroy the town, but also reveals the darkness of Graysin’s family’s past—a darkness that changes her life forever. And some secrets just can’t be forgiven.  This is a New Adult paranormal romance in the Havenwood Falls series of New Adult and Adult fantasy novellas featuring a variety of supernatural creatures. The series is a collaborative effort by multiple authors. Each book is generally a stand-alone, so you can read them in any order, although some authors will be writing sequels to their own stories. Please be aware when you choose your next read. We do recommend that you read Forget You Not first as an introduction to the town and its eccentricities.