Anthology of 8 Navy SEAL novellas by New York Times, USA Today and award-winning bestselling authors: Marliss Melton, Gennita Low, Teresa Reasor, Elle James, Delilah Devlin, Stephanie Tyler, J.M. Madden and Sharon Hamilton.
  Code of Silence
 by Award-winning Internationally Bestselling author Marliss Melton: Navy SEAL Vinny DeInnocentis has no idea his news reporter wife is keeping secrets. With her hard-won reputation for rooting out corruption, Ophelia can’t let a little thing like her unexpected pregnancy get in the way of exposing Pennsylvania’s lieutenant governor for the liar he is. But will her quest to publicize the truth — and her shocking discovery that her target is far more dangerous than she imagined — cost her more than she ever thought she’d lose?
  Seal My Destiny
 by New York Times and USA/Today Bestselling Author Sharon Hamilton: Back from a horrible tour, Navy SEAL Luke Paulsen has a chance encounter with a woman who begins to unthaw his troubled soul. Deciding he’s too damaged, he begs off further entanglement, but then meets her again a month later at a family wedding, where the unavoidable attraction pulls them together as never before. Will their love be enough to heal them both for a chance at a Happily Ever After?
  Holding On
 by New York Times Bestselling author Stephanie Tyler: (a novella set in the Hold series - originally published in SEAL of My Dreams) Jamie Michaels is an FBI Agent, married to a Navy SEAL…and about to give birth while her husband’s deployed. Navy SEAL Chris Waldron’s been on some impossible missions before, but getting home in time for the birth of his son might prove to be the toughest–and most rewarding mission of all.
  Warrior
 by Bestselling author Gennita Low: On a covert operation with his SEAL team, Lucas Branson bumps into his love interest, Kit Ling Harrison, who is overseas with her media team interviewing victims of war. Things get interesting when he and Kit end up on an unexpected road trip. Chasing vehicles, avoiding RPGs, singing silly songs, and falling in love ensue.
  SEAL's Desire
 by USA Today Bestselling author Elle James: Back from deployment, Navy SEAL Remy LaDue's planned Valentine's Day date with NCIS agent Mitchell Sanders runs amuck when he finds her undercover as a sexy stripper at a local lounge. Remy and his team join forces with Mitchell to find a missing woman and discover a human trafficking organization in the darkest heart of Virginia Beach. 
  SEAL's Lost Dream
 by USA Today Bestselling author JM Madden: Former Navy SEAL K9 handler Joe Flynn lost his dog in the war and doesn't want anything to do with animals, but every stray in Denver seems to head his way. Luckily for him, the luscious veterinarian Willow James doesn't mind taking care of everything he finds. She even seems willing to take him on with all his ghosts, but is he ready to let them go for her?
  Breaking Free
 by Bestselling author Teresa Reasor: When her brother Brett is attacked and left for dead, Zoe Weaver and Lieutenant Adam 'Hawk' Yazzie work together to discover if one of his SEAL teammates is responsible for his injuries. But will loyalties forged on the battlefield prove more binding than the truth? Or their love?
  Mutiny's Bounty
 by USA Today Bestselling author Delilah Devlin: Interested only in experiencing an adrenaline-packed adventure first-hand to give her credo when she books her clients’ adventure vacations, Lace McElhannon finds more excitement than she can handle when she meets and falls into bed with ex-SEAL Dex Haygood.