2017 New Apple Book Awards SOLO Medalist Winner - Young Adult Inspirational13th National Indie Excellence Awards Finalist - New Adult Fiction 
  If love is true, how long should you wait? How much pain should you endure before moving on?
  Love: A Tangled Knot is a new edition of a romantic novel penned by the award-winning author of Flipping, Eichin Chang-Lim."I enjoyed navigating the hearts of the characters, feeling their desperation as the conflict reaches crisis point, and wondering what will happen next. Eichin Chang-Lim injects realism into the story and makes it feel as if it is unfolding before the reader."~ Editorial Review"This author has a knack for the genre and way of tapping into a very volatile generation. I’m really impressed with this book." ~Award Judge’s Commentary "I love that the author knows how to reach her audience (whether that by young adults or adults of any age). This book can really reach the reader on so many levels." ~Editorial Review  A clean romance about the struggles of a couple to keep their family together against all odds.  With the Golden Gate Bridge in sight, the story begins.  Kayla is an ambitious seventeen-year-old who is content to deliver "real-talk" to her boy-crazy best friend, Breeana, while running the high school’s environmentalist club. She has no time or desire for boys, viewing even a crush as an unwanted commitment. Until Russell Mancini joins Beach Cleanup Day. Kayla learns that she’s a sucker for love just like her peers.  Their relationship seems perfect, but fate conspires against the pair. Kayla’s dreams are shattered when she becomes pregnant. Struggling to make ends meet, Russell makes a decision that threatens to destroy their relationship, irrevocably steering his course away from Kayla and their daughter. Kayla finds herself pitted in a conflict she would never have expected.  As Russell’s fate presents him with a seven-year incarceration sentence, Kayla must pick up the pieces and stay firm in her marriage. Dreaming of the day her daughter will have a father once again.  
  Will Kayla and Russell untangle the knot that was once their love? Or will temptations and inner demons succeed in moving them further apart?
