Seeley Walt I've been obsessing with the troll that owns the little trinket shop across the street from my brother in-law's café. I watch him whenever I can from the window at Bentley's and try to find anything I can on him on social media, especially pictures of his big, sexy, capable hands. When I take advice from a friend and send the guy a message, we start chatting quite regularly, and he is absolutely perfect, bringing things out of me that I never even knew was there. Unfortunately, he just doesn't seem all that interested in meeting me in person. Even worse, when I go a bit too far with a message, he stops talking to me all together. When he finds out who I am by accident and comes close enough for me to actually catch his scent, it becomes a lot more important that I patch things up with him and make him see that I'm not the type of guy I portrayed myself to be.  Maddon Burris  Sometimes being different in the looks department means you spend more time worrying about how people are going to react to the way you look then actually dealing with bad reactions. Being a troll and living around people who are considered "normal" looking and constantly worrying about whether or not I will be accepted when I walk into a room, makes it to where I'd just rather not leave my shop and my home more often than I need to. But it's hard to meet people like that and I get more and more lonely every day. When a man starts sending me messages saying sweet things and making me laugh, I almost can't believe it. And then he sends me a message that proves in my head that it's all way too good to be true, especially when I find out it's Seeley Walt. How can I possibly believe that a man like Seeley would want to be with someone as different and as boring as me?  Warning: Mpreg elements! (Though the MCs in this book aren't and cannot get pregnant, this is a spin-off series from my Chosen series. Occasional Mpreg characters might have cameos. You've been warned!)  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses::  