"Despite the abundance of books available on Ted Bundy, holes remain in his story. Bundy expert Kevin Sullivan has done the painstaking work of filling some in and offering credible notions for those for which information might always be elusive. An important addition to true crime studies." - Katherine Ramsland, bestselling author of The Mind of a MurdererWithin the pages of The Trail of Ted Bundy: Digging Up the Untold Stories, you’ll hear the voices - many for the first time - of some of Ted Bundy’s friends, as they bring to light the secrets of what is was like to know him while he was actively involved in murder. The stories of his victims are here as well, as told by their friends, including the information and anecdotes that didn’t make it into the investigative files.Two of the former detectives who worked with author Kevin Sullivan during the writing of his widely-acclaimed book, The Bundy Murders, return to aid readers in fully understanding Bundy’s murderous career; it’s ripple-effect impact on those who came into contact with him in one way or another, and dispelling commonly held myths.The Trail of Ted Bundy is a journey back in time, to when Ted Bundy was killing young woman and girls in the Pacific Northwest and beyond. It’s told by those who knew him, and you’ll hear their revealing stories, many being voiced for the very first time. The friends of the victims are here as well, and they too share their insights about the victims, and some of what they tell here had been held back from the investigators, such was their commitment to their deceased friends. It’s also the story of those who hunted Bundy; those who guarded him, and those who otherwise were a part of this strange case one way or another.“Anyone today visiting the house where Lynda Ann Healy lived with her friends, as I did in July 2015, will find it in a very nice neighborhood that is well maintained; perhaps better maintained now than in 1974. Standing in front of the structure, there is no obvious reminder that evil once invaded this dwelling in the middle of the night. Just off to the right of the front door, on the side of the house, is the door leading to the basement. It was through this door that Bundy would carry Lynda out into the chilly night air.As I walked up the steps my mind was riveted on that night. I thought of Bundy, and how he also had walked up these steps before slowly turning the doorknob that cold evening to see if it was unlocked. Having already written The Bundy Murders, I was well aware of what transpired there and, at such a moment, it all becomes so very real. Indeed, in my view, the Lynda Healy abduction is the strangest of his career, and I don’t ever expect to hear of one more bizarre, either from the past or in the future.”