As if one alpha male wasn't enough to drive you wild...  Dangerous. Uncontrollable. Irresistible. When powerful men take on paranormal powers to become predatory beings of the night, sparks can fly as they set their eyes on the one woman who they want. No, not want. Need.  This boxed set includes eight of the hottest shifter romances from your favorite New York Times and USA Today bestselling authors in paranormal romance. Let this sexy group of shifters claim you tonight!  Books included (see "Look Inside" for full descriptions):  To Catch a Wolf by Lynn Red: Sometimes a werewolf's gotta fight and growl and bite. Sometimes a girl needs romance and wine and sweet kisses. Will a small town scandal keep both Erik and Izzy from getting what they want?  Blind Wolf and Perfect Mate by Aubrey Rose: Julia has never been on a date in her life, but when Damien shows up, she's quickly swept off her feet. Will the fact that she's a human keep Damien from expressing the raw lust he feels for her?  Shifting Hearts by Adriana Hunter: Clara has recently lost everything, but when she moves to the country, she finds two sexy strangers that are determined to make her surrender her body and soul to them.  Wolf Fight by Marian Tee: Calys is determined to be her pack's alpha, but she'll need the help of Alejandro Moretti, billionaire playboy and werewolf prince, to make it happen. Will his help be worth offering her body as payment?  Resisting the Alpha by Liliana Rhodes: Faith finds out that the man she's married to is a murderer and that someone needs to stop him. Will alpha bear Erich be able to save the day and claim his true mate?  Wolf Six's Salvation by Krista Lakes: Chloe is on the hunt for her missing brother, and damaged soldier Jackson helps her out. Will she be able to heal his injured soul while loving the wolf underneath?  Midsummer Heat by Mina Carter: Kelli ran away from home to avoid being claimed by the latest pack alpha. Since then, she's made a new life for herself, but when she returns for a wedding, the alpha knows that he must claim the only woman he'll ever love, whatever it takes.  Wolf Fever by Milly Taiden: Turned into a shifter against her will, Raine vows to wage war with the evil inside of her. When a mercenary offers to help unravel her mysteries and tame the beast inside her, he's looking for more than answers.