This a complete anthology of the first ten Armstrong Dent adventures. The book comes with a code to download a free five-song EP. Armstrong Dent is the leader of a unique team of special ops agents made up of famous celebrities, each with a highly specialized talent. The team’s white hat hacker is a multi-billionaire tech entrepreneur, the cryptologist is a best-selling author of conspiracy novels, and the team’s linguist is a Grammy Award-winning musician. In all, ten team members rotate in and out of the stories. The series is accompanied by the world’s first book series soundtrack with songs written and performed by the author. The Boxset Includes: Armstrong Dent and the Order of the Copper Scroll - Dent and his team must solve an intricate code hidden within the Dead Sea Scrolls to track down a deadly religious artifact. Failure could mean a massive loss of life and the destruction of the world’s religious foundations. Armstrong Dent and the Death of the Sun - Dent and his team must unravel a villainous plot to overthrow the United States government by a Mexican drug cartel kingpin who uses children as bait. Armstrong Dent and the Guerrilla Revolucion - Dent and his team of celebrity secret agents must solve the mystery of a sunken pirate ship before a long-hidden World War II conspiracy is exposed that could ignite a new World War. A famous revolutionary is poised to spark a new worldwide revolution on the back of this history-changing cover-up. Armstrong Dent and the Curious Case of Benjamin's Buttons - The investigation into the mysterious death of the world’s greatest inventor has led to a new top-secret gadget that has the espionage world on edge. Armstrong Dent and the Crime of the Century - The kidnapping of the First Couple of Entertainment’s infant daughter has monopolized the news for days. The media is destroying the reputation of law enforcement. Dent must dive into New York’s underworld to get to the bottom of the crime before the entire system collapses fueled by an obsessed media. Armstrong Dent and the Ring of the Lords - Dent’s former boss has become consumed by a mystical force which causes men to seek the ultimate power. Dent and his team must confront a supernatural threat from an ancient relic possessing a popular politician or face the planet being overrun by a new world order. Armstrong Dent and the Temple of Solomon - Chief’s novel about the Templars and conspiracy theories seems to come to life when Dent must infiltrate a two-thousand year old secret society or allow an upstart terrorist group to threaten the world with the rise to power of a shadow government. Armstrong Dent and the Thousand Year Death - In college, Dent walked away from the love of his life. Years later, she emerges at the center of a computer hacking attempt on the highest levels of the American government. Dent must set aside his feelings or risk losing all of America’s greatest secrets. Armstrong Dent and the Kickapoo Borderland Band - Dent and his team must uncover an elaborate smuggling operation or risk the escalation of the drug trade in America. Armstrong Dent and the Death Blow - Dent must navigate the dangerous backrooms of the boxing world where one never knows if a champion earned his belt with his hands or his organized crime connections.