Yes, you can live stress free!Whether you want to (1) remove stress from your life, (2) handle difficult circumstances with ease, or (3) learn to think fearlessly, this book will get you there.Are you tired of being bogged down with emotional pain?Learn to live freely and lightly. Untie those internal knots and discover a way of living that will nourish body, mind, and spirit. Grow to understand your fears and worries, your desires and needs, from a totally new perspective, one that can have you facing life boldly, with inner peace and calm confidence.Stress-free living is within your grasp!I'll show you how to address the root of your stress - your thinking. No, stress isn't caused by your circumstances or the actions of others; it's caused by how you think about them! Most of our problems in life stem from simple errors of thinking that lead to mistaken actions that, in turn, cause us problems. You can prevent these problems, however, by changing how you think. Really! It's that easy...and that hard.Because we've been conditioned from infancy to think in ways that are totally different from what I will show you, you may find this change a bit difficult to grasp at first. That's the hard part, but I have made the process as painless as possible by providing incredibly simple exercises that will assist you in shifting your thinking. Each new concept is accompanied by easy-to-follow instructions for mental exercises you can practice in your own home.Discover energy you never knew you had!Nobody understands energy, not even the greatest scientists, but we have learned a little about working with it over the centuries. With my help you'll discover untapped reservoirs of internal and external energy and learn how they can be used to benefit yourself and others.What will you learn about fearless thinking?How breathing can help youHow to practice healthy detachment, attachment, surrender, and self-awareness in day to day small situations.Four elements of your mind.The dual nature of life to turn around every conceivable situation in your favor.Mental conditioning and its effect on our lives.You will also discover:Positive, negative, and neutral energy; how it affects your life.The infinite nature of your mind.What's behind the belief in reincarnation?What you can do with your ego?Lay your fears to rest for good.Discover a fresh way to look at the things that cause you anxiety, fear, or downright panic. Gain fresh insight into the source of future fears, past fears, imaginative fears, relational fears, in short - any fear you can imagine. Even more valuable, learn a simple strategy that can destroy them all.Know the joy of finding balance in your lifeThe concept of equanimity will help you deal with life's seeming dichotomies. Ever wonder how good and evil can coexist in the world? I'll explain a way to view these contradictions that can help bring together the opposite sides of your personality - and the world around you -into an integrated whole.