This is the QUICKSTART guide to famed love guru Kathryn Alice’s love magnetization process.This super effective method has worked for tens of thousands of people, now happily together with their soulmatesAs you begin this magical journey, rest assured you will be next!• Start magnetizing love to you within moments of beginning this book• Get introduced to a method of attracting love that has worked for thousands• A short, concise ‘quickstart’ guide to a proven “calling in love” process• Become aware of how easy finding love can be• Overcome your past and any blocks you’ve had to finding your soulmate• Learn the REAL SECRET to bringing in the love you wantKathryn Alice, author of the bestseller LOVE WILL FIND YOU, is the U.S.’s foremost expert on soulmates and spiritual dating. She appears in the 2012 Feature Film Secrets of Love. She has helped tens of thousands of people attract their soulmates. Her work has appeared in Psychology Today, USA Today, The New York Times, Associated Press, Body+Soul and on Montel, NBC and The Aware Show. Kathryn directed Agape’s Crisis Support Team for 6 years &amp; teaches in the U.S., Australia and South Africa. She has been married for over a decade to her own soulmate, and they have 4 boys.REVIEWS“This work is priceless. I found my forever love, we got engaged and then married within a year. Now, I’ve just had my second child. Without Kathryn’s system, none of this would have happened for me, and I am eternally grateful.” ~Barbara Culkin, New Jersey“I just want to thank you. I did your Releasing a Person and soulmate work, then met my soulmate 3 years ago. We have been married for one year. Such bliss!” ~Alicia Maher“I highly recommend Kathryn’s love attraction method. I met my soulmate (now my hubby) a little after doing this work.” ~Penny Herman“I took this workshop and met my One a few months later. We are now married. Kathryn was right and I just can’t believe how well this worked for me!” Orna Banarie, Los Angeles“I’m 76 and thought love had passed me by. But after doing this work, I reconnected with a high school beau, and now, we are both floating several inches above the ground. We just got married &amp; are like teenagers!” ~Jane Holland, Oak Park, California“I met my husband in Kathryn’s workshop. And her work solidified our relationship.” Kerry Smallwood, Topanga, CA“He showed up!!!! He's here, he's here!!! Just like you said he would! Thank you, thank you, thank you, Kathryn!!!! I'm 42 and I now know that all that time spent single was exactly how it was supposed to be. : )” ~Andrea Henderson