First in Epic 7-part Serial: Love and Loss, Celebrity and SecretsThe Endless Pursuit of Love and WisdomIn essence a love story, "A Life Singular" is a seven-part contemporary fiction serial. Recipient of a WILDsound Review Award (November 2015), official selection for the New Apple Awards for Literary Fiction (October 2015) and a Shelf Unbound Notable Book of 2014 (December 2014), "A Life Singular - Part One" follows a successful rock star while he writes his autobiography after the tragic loss of his soul-mate.The books' themes are triumph over mental illness, the choices we make between right and wrong, and how one affects the other over the relentless passage of time. Sales proceeds go to two Australian non-profit organisations assisting young people with their education: EdConnect Australia and The Smith Family.Dealing with some of the more complex social justice issues of our age, the universal theme of love and our fascination for celebrity spirit the reader behind the scenes of a superstar family who are plunged into grief, proving that there are always many sides to a story we see in the media. The important events in our public lives are always overshadowed by the backstory's real truth.Book #1 Synopsis:What do you do when you lose the one who gave your life meaning? You write about it. You tell the world how amazing it is to love and be loved by someone so special, what love helps you achieve and how it makes you stronger.Jeff Diamond had built a life of influence, adulation and wealth by making the right choices for the right reasons. He lived by the law of reciprocity, a lesson learned on the streets as a teenager with nothing but an unquenchable thirst for knowledge. Plagued by the scars of a violent childhood, he created his vision and fought for it. And once he no longer needed to fight for himself, he fought for others.Yet when Jeff’s dream girl was taken from him and their children by the ignorant act of a jealous misfit from his own home town, the millionnaire realised just how far he had come. Why had he succeeded when so many like him fail? It wasn’t complicated. The secret lay in the endless pursuit of love and wisdom; life’s two magic ingredients.Now Lynn was gone, he resolved to use his remaining days to account for their life in a way that would inspire young people to make his type of choice rather than García’s. Then after their story was written, he would be free to go after her, to begin the whole incredible journey over again.Everyone has a life singular: one; unique; extraordinary.˃˃˃ 5* Amazon Reviews - A Wonderful Series Begins Here!"This was a great read with zero lags. A good portion of this book centered around finding the person responsible for a high profile murder and then the subsequent court trial. It was hard for me to put this book down at night as I wanted to know what would happen next. I definitely recommend this author as rarely does a book keep me as interested as this one did."A Wonderful Series Begins Here! The characters are well created and there is plenty of details to give this story the layers needed to keep one reading. The author has the ability to move the reader through the emotions being experienced ”" from love to anguish to feelings raked raw ”" the reader has his finger on the pulse of what is going on (said and unsaid) with each character."˃˃˃ A beautiful tale of true love, devastating loss and the pain of rebuilding a new life from the emotional ashes"A Life Singular by Lorraine Pestell is an emotionally charged, eloquently written struggle of one man’s journey through the steps of loss and grief when he loses his best friend and wife to a gunman’s bullet. The Diamond family had it all, shared love and respect, wealth, beauty and fame, a fairy tale life to the world who adored them. Jeff’s wife was the stabilizing factor that grounded her family with love, intelligence, and grace and he feels her ”ghost’ with him as he tries to keep his children and himself afloat through the murder trial and every day after. He can either spiral into the dark abyss of depression or strive to honor her memory by moving forward, all while under the scrutiny of the public eye.Lorraine Pestell writes with an intensity that does not let up from page one. Although written at a pace to be savored, never once does this tale drag as the relationship between spouses, and parent and child are examined and strengthened through loss. For anyone who has suffered a devastating loss of a loved one, clearly the pain is just as great for the wealthy as for the poor. Is it so wonderful to “have it all” and live under the microscope of a curious public? The emotions Ms. Pestell gives her characters are brutally raw, often agonizing as they struggle to hold each other up. The use of words like “the widower” brilliantly bring home where Jeff is in the grieving process.Although a very long read, every word, page and scene is a vital part of this story that captures the essence of reality in the aftermath of loss. I savored each and every page and highly recommend this intricate tale."˃˃˃ Everyone Has A Life Singular; One, Unique, ExtraordinaryPlease check out the WILDsound Festival performance reading from "A Life Singular - Part One" at http://wildsoundfestivalreview.com/20...Start your journey through a celebrity's spectacular life, as seen from outside and in.