
  Experience the PERVADE DUET, a scorching ménage a trois romance encompassing two unforgettable contemporary novels from USA Today Bestselling Author Vanessa Fewings.  
  
PERVADE LONDON (Duet 1)A woman's first ménage à trois romance with two mysterious British men with untold influence. Their love fuels the power that pervades London.From an early age, Emily lived for the violin.Practices were a joy. Recitals were a celebration. She only felt truly alive when the meticulously crafted, finely tuned, string instrument was in her firm grasp.You could say that Emily lived for the violin, and that it was her true love. You would have been right......but that all changed the day she met Xander Rothschild.Emily Rampling thought she understood the nature of power.But she didn't know the unexpected forms power could take, bending and adapting to suit its needs. She wasn't aware of the ways power could infiltrate unnoticed into the highest echelons of government, soaking the most hallowed chambers with its influence.She didn't realize the methods in which power could weave an invisible fabric that manipulated society with hidden secrets and unannounced agendas.In fact, Emily Rampling didn't understand anything at all about the nature of power.But she was about to find out.About the ways power could pulse.About the ways power could penetrate.About the ways power could PERVADE.
  
PERVADE MONTEGO BAY (Duet 2)For every patch of sun, there's a pool of shadows. For every stretch of paradise, there's a stain of secrets. Montego Bay offers everything the heart desires...and the soul fears.Emily Rampling once again finds herself in the throes of unforgettable passion and irresistible power as she dives deeper into the love of two men and the dangerous world they inhabit. James Ballad and Xavier Rothschild are not yet done with Emily. Not by a long shot. But somewhere on the island of his birth, James is hiding something, a personal secret he seems to be guarding with his life. Emily becomes obsessed with finding out the truth, but the discovery that awaits her is something she couldn't have foreseen. Pervade Montego Bay is book two in the romance duet by USA Today Bestselling Author Vanessa Fewings, the follow-up to the acclaimed Pervade London. Experience a ménage à trois romance that unfolds from clear, warm waters to lush, rolling mountains.Sip the rum. Taste the ecstasy. See you in paradise.
  
