 
  The beautiful new story from the bestselling author of The Summer of Chasing Dreams. 
  Escape to a little seaside village, where the sea sparkles, the sunshine is guaranteed, and change is in the air. The perfect place to fall in love this summer…
 Willow McKay needs a fresh start. Her recent break-up may not have left her heartbroken, but it’s certainly wounded her pride. Desperate for a change, an advert offering free homes in a picturesque village on the Cornish coast sounds like just what she needs. Without thinking twice Willow packs up her life and heads to the village of Happiness.But when Willow arrives, she finds ramshackle cottages, shops lying empty and villagers that seem in need of cheer themselves. It's nothing like the pretty picture the advert had boasted. It seems Happiness was too good to be true. That is until she meets the handsome estate manager Andrew Harrington.His passion for restoring the village to its former glory is contagious and soon they are working together, forming a secret society to bring happiness back to Happiness. And as sparks fly between them Willow can feel herself falling. But Andrew is holding something back.Will they succeed in transforming the old village to its original beauty before it’s too late? Can the gift of happiness really save a village, and can it save Willow herself?
  Get swept away to the sun-kissed Cornish coast with this gorgeous love story, perfect for fans of Jill Mansell, Sophie Kinsella and Katie Fforde.

  

  What readers are saying about Holly Martin:
'LOVED, LOVED, LOVED this book!... This book was so engaging with characters I absolutely loved… An absolutely magical book.’ Best Crime Books and More, 5 stars‘A fabulous book… Highly recommended without any hesitation!! 5++++++ stars!’ Stardust Book Reviews, 5 stars‘Simply brilliant and just couldn't put it down at all… Every page brought a new twist and turn and you wanted to keep reading to see what happened… It's full of heartbreak and romance and laughter… worth far more than five stars and can't recommend it enough.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars‘5 stars. Such a gorgeous story… will have you smiling, laughing and crying, so prepare for an emotional ride.’ Goodreads reviewer, 5 stars‘A glorious and uplifting read that leaves you feeling as if you've been wrapped up in a big warm hug. I smiled from start to finish.’ Stacy is Reading‘This is the book that I have been waiting for… I found myself welling up with tears towards the end… I was enchanted by this book from the moment I started reading it… one fabulous story… A beautifully told story that I really wish didn't end…’ Rachel’s Random Reads, 5 stars‘Wow another fantastic read from Holly Martin.