 
  Time to Play: a page-turning police crime thriller from from the acclaimed North East Police Series
   Book description: DI Alistair McKay is still reeling from the ‘one that got away’ but when he is called to deal with a potential murder at the water side, he must put his personal worries aside.As police diver, Marlo Buchanan, starts pulling bodies out of the water, it becomes clear that something isn’t right.Someone is torturing young girls and dumping them in the local reservoir.Then the body of a man is discovered and Mackay and Buchanan are pulled into the seedy underworld of human trafficking.As the team race against the clock tensions start to run high.Can they overcome their personal demons to work together?And will they find the killer before he strikes again?The team are back in the third novel from the gripping North East Police series. Praise for K A Richardson: ‘KA Richardson has the writing talent and story-telling skills to be with us a long while. I can’t wait to see what she brings us next!’ – Howard Linskey, author of No Name Lane,  Behind Dead Eyes, and the David Blake series. ‘A great follow on from With Deadly Intent with no punches pulled. This one is a must read.’ Sheila Quigley, best-selling author of the Seahills Series and Holy Island Trilogy. ‘KA Richardson writes with such knowledge, it’s like watching an episode of Silent Witness.’ Tara Lyons, author of In The Shadows and co-author of The Caller. ‘KA Richardson is a brilliant Northern writer. She’s created some of my favourite characters and her writing sings. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT.’ Eileen Wharton, award winning author of Blanket of Blood. ‘A truly talented writer taking the reader on a thrilling roller coaster of riveting suspense.’ Jayne Tomlinson, Branch Manager, Darlington Building Society. ‘With her attention to detail and her impassioned prose, KA Richardson is a fresh and exciting voice in the crime fiction genre.’ Ian Ayris, author of Abide With Me and April Skies.'KA Richardson writes a compelling story with characters to care about.' Victoria Watson, Elementary V Watson. 
  
    Time to Play: is part of the gripping of the gripping North East Police Series, it will appeal to fans of Angela Marsons, Helen Durrant, Robert Brenda and Ian Rankin.
  
 
  
     
  
