Six new holiday short stories from six New York Times Bestselling Authors.Sexy Scrooge by Vi Keeland &amp; Penelope Ward The last thing I needed was to share an Uber with Scrooge—a cocky lawyer on a snowy Christmas Eve. It was bad enough I was on my way to court for the gift of eviction. Although maybe today wouldn’t turn out so bad after all. The Sexy Scrooge and I started to connect as we trudged our way through a storm. Our ride was about to end. But would I ever see him again?Christmas Baubles by Jodi Ellen Malpas Shannon’s last-minute Christmas shopping trip quickly goes from tedious to thrilling when she meets a sexy stranger in Harrods. He’s irresistibly cheeky, hot as sin, and he seems to want to play. So when he sets Shannon the challenge of completing her Christmas shopping before he completes his, she can’t help but accept. And she plans on winning. But the sexy stranger plays dirty on the shop floor. And even dirtier in the women’s changing rooms...The Naughty List by Emma ChaseEvie Sanders has a secret. She’s in love with her boss, Jace Winters, the hot as hell, hardworking owner of the best bar in the snowy, ski resort town of Alpine. She thinks Jace barely knows she exists—that to him, she’s just an employee. But at this year’s Christmas party, bells get jingled, stockings get stuffed, snow—and other things—get thoroughly plowed, and Christmas wishes (even the naughty ones) just might come true.Joyous—A Quantum Christmas by Marie Force After a remarkable year that included a wedding and a big Oscar win for Quantum Productions, Hollywood superstar Flynn Godfrey wants to give his wife, Natalie, and closest friends a Christmas they will never forget. But when best-laid plans go awry, Flynn will learn that sometimes the season’s greatest gifts are those that can’t be bought or wrapped.A Holiday Lift by Corinne Michaels Holly has had enough pain around the holidays to last her lifetime. All she wants is to focus on her work. All of that becomes impossible when she’s stuck in the elevator with her co-worker Dean. She can’t avoid his intense stares, deep voice, and scent that drives her crazy. Will the holiday season bring them an unexpected lift or will they come crashing down?Best Christmas Ever by Susan Stoker When Chris and Sienna meet during an accident in Texas, the perfect strangers soon discover they’re inexplicably linked...in more ways than one. Coincidence? Perhaps. Or maybe the makings of their very own Christmas miracle.