I pinch the screen to zoom until I’m staring at the face of a ghost. A man with very short hair, staring directly at the camera with piercing brown eyes.  He is as he was when I last saw him: wrinkles around the corners of the eyes and a knowing smirk. That’s the expression I see when I can’t sleep.  My body tenses. It can’t be him. It’s not my ex-husband. It’s not David.  I know that better than anyone because he didn’t walk out on me.  He didn’t disappear two years ago and he’s not a missing person.  I know that for a fact because I’m the one who killed him.  A brilliantly twisty thriller which will have fans of The Girl on the Train and Gone Girl absolutely gripped.  Read what everyone is saying about Kerry Wilkinson:  ‘WOW – what a damn good read this book is!!… gripping from start to end so be prepared to read this in one sitting… A must-read!’ Have Books, Will Read  ‘OMG this book is so damn good… gripped from the very first page… I freaking loved it!... an utterly sensational page turner. I literally couldn’t put this book down and devoured it in one afternoon.’ Chelle’s Book Reviews  ‘Cor! Kerry Wilkinson strikes again with this absolutely incredible page turner!’ Novel Deelights  ‘I love everything Kerry Wilkinson writes - he has such an addictive, page-turning style of writing. And this book is definitely one of his very best! From the first line to very last, this was a superb, mind-blowing read… Absolutely loved this engaging, amazing story.’ Goodreads Reviewer  ‘What a book!!!! Had me gripped from the first page right through to the last page.... could not put it down but didn't want it to end either! A fantastic read!’ NetGalley Reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  ‘WOW ABSOLUTELY WOW!!!! This is the most unputdownable book I've read in a very long time!!! …Loads of tense moments and twists and turns. And an ending you won't see coming!!’ NetGalley Reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  ‘Possibly his best yet! The characters in the story are brilliant...Five stars from me for this one - I loved the writing style, it had a great pace and was really well executed!’ donnasbookblog  ‘OHHHHHH I just love a Kerry Wilkinson book…This book really is one of those page turners…It's one of those books that as much as you try to figure things out, you just have no damn clue which way it is going. Brilliantly, cleverly written…First class, but I really didn't expect anything else from this author. BLOODY LOVED IT!!!!!’ NetGalley Reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  ‘An atmospheric page-turner that will appeal to anyone looking for a quality psychological thriller. The perfect summer read.’ Mark Edwards  ‘I love this book so much and it is definitely one of my favorites. I read this book in one sitting because I could not get out of the story.