 LEARN: How to Forever Eliminate Writer's Block and Write Thousands of Words a Day Do you struggle to write every day? Many people dream of becoming a successful author, but can't find the time to write. The truth is this: Great writers don't have more time than you do. They 
  make time
 to write. Not only do they make time, they also follow specific routines that help them avoid writer's block altogether. By developing the "writing habit" you'll have the confidence to sit down in front of a computer every day, knowing the words will come.  YOUR GOAL: Write 2,000 Words a Day -- Every Day! One of the key factors to effectively developing ANY habit is choosing a specific, measurable goal. So if you want to become a prolific writer, then you'll need to choose a specific word count for each day. While I suggest 2,000 words as a goal, you can pick any number that fits in with your busy schedule. You might choose 500 or 1,000 words a day. Or, you might have more time than I do (or write faster than I do) and choose to write 3,000 or 10,000 words each day. The important thing is to establish a daily word count goal and then stick to it. In "Writing Habit Mastery" you'll learn how to incorporate writing into your daily routine. What you'll get is a strategy and list of tools that will help you develop a sustainable writing habit and demolish writer's block."Writing Habit Mastery" contains a step-by-step blueprint of habits and routines you can use to develop this routine.Inside this guide you'll learn how to:  Establish the PERFECT writing routine and environment  Find the time to write--even if you have a full-time job  Minimize distractions and interruptions  Crank out PUBLISHED works on a consistent basis  Create an energized state where you're ready to write  Make money from your completed books or screenplays &lt; Follow a simple seven-step process that prevents writer's block  You can write thousands of words every day. All you need is a strategy to develop this habit.