By bestselling ghostwriter and book doctor with a top London literary consultancy This book is used by award-winning authors and university creative writing departments. 'A how-to-write book that actually DOES tell you how' 'There are shedloads of books on how to write novels, and a lot of them are longer and considerably less useful' 'I wish I'd had this book a long time ago' 'The author has a proven track record as a writer of fiction, as opposed to writers of "how to write" books' Are you writing a novel? Do you want to make sure you finish? Will you get lost and fizzle out? Will you spend more time reading about how to write than actually getting the words down? Most manuals on novel-writing will make you read hundreds of pages about character arcs, inciting incidents, heroes' journeys. It's great to know that - but while you're reading about it you're not writing your book. And what these books don't tell you is how to use this learning and get the job done. Nail Your Novel is a writing buddy - and mentor - in a book. In 10 easy steps it will tell you: *how to shape your big idea and make a novel out of it *how to do your research and how to use it *how to organise your time *how to plot and build characters *when you're going to hit problems and what to do about them *how to write on the days you don't feel inspired *how to reread what you've written and polish it. Along the way, Thumbnail Notes give tutorials about storytelling and storycraft - strictly when you need them. The author has written nearly a dozen novels that have made it into print - and this is how she did it. You don't even need to read the whole book before you get started. You read a section, then do as it says. And, once you're finally satisfied, Nail Your Novel will tell you how to sell it to publishers and agents. A FULL index means you can find what you want, when you want it. You've dreamed of writing a novel. Don't procrastinate with another theory book. Don't launch in, get stuck and throw your hard work in a drawer. Nail your novel.