Books 1-3 of Clint Wolf Mystery Trilogy by award-winning author BJ Bourg now available as a boxed set!  BUT NOT FORGOTTEN  Embattled former detective Clint Wolf is the newly appointed police chief for Mechant Loup, a small swampy town in southeast Louisiana. Usually a quiet town, the tranquility of the place is shattered when a human arm is found in the jowls of an alligator. Once it’s determined the arm belongs to a reputable business owner, the race is on to find the man and figure out what happened to him. Little does Clint know that solving the case could unearth a plot so evil it would go down as the worst event in Louisiana history . . . and he might not live to see it.  BUT NOT FORGIVEN  When a woman is found dead on her doorsteps—shot through the heart with an arrow—Clint Wolf and Susan Wilson go to work trying to track down the sadistic killer. On the very next day, a second victim is murdered in his driveway (killed in the same manner) and it's now a race against time to uncover the motive behind the killings and identify the murderer. What they know so far is that he's a skilled archer preying on human targets, and they have no clue where he'll strike next.  As though the case itself isn't complicated enough, the district attorney has launched a grand jury investigation into Susan's actions during a shooting that saved Clint's life. No one knows exactly why the DA is gunning for Susan, but one thing is crystal clear . . . it's personal.  BUT NOT FORSAKEN  No one knows why the district attorney is gunning for Susan Wilson, but Clint Wolf is determined to find out—even if it’ll get him in trouble. While he works to clear Susan’s name, his crusade is sidelined when a bar manager is murdered during an apparent armed robbery. The method of operation is eerily similar to those used by the ruthless gang who killed his family, and Clint might soon have to face down the demons from his past to solve the mystery.  Will Clint walk that fine line between good and evil, or will he abandon his principles to settle an old score? Whatever choice he makes, one thing is certain . . . it’ll come at a hefty price.