The day that etched Charles Manson into the mind of the world's collective consciousness was Friday, August 8th, 1969. That was the fateful weekend when Manson's alleged cult named the "Manson Family" slaughtered seven people. It wasn't the first time the group had committed murder, nor would it be the last, but the events of that weekend are why Charlie Manson will be remembered as the devil incarnate. A real-life boogeyman capable of untold evil. A maniacal puppet master who carved a swastika in his head with a razor blade. Ironically, the first murder of Manson's infamous crime spree was one of poor timing. Steven Parent was an eighteen-year-old California native whose freshman yearbook photo looks remarkably like Buddy Holly. The oldest of five, Steven was raised in El Monte, a city east of Los Angles. His family was working class and being the eldest, Steven was ambitious. His father had nurtured Steve's love of electronics and by the summer of 1969, Steven was working two jobs with plans to attend community college in the fall. On the evening August 8th, just after 11:00 pm, Steven had closed up shop at his second job at Jonas Miller Stereo and driven through Los Angeles to visit an acquaintance who lived in a guest house at the far end of a secluded property in Beverly Hills. The property was located at 10050 Cielo Drive. It was where Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate now lived. A place they rented from the Beach Boys Promoter, Terry Melcher who was dating Candice Bergen at the time. For 50 years the legendary Manson Family Murders have fascinated and mortified that such brutal acts of cold blooded murder could have taken place and with women playing a key role those murders. Manson was an enigmatic drifter who could draw in a group of people into his web of deceit and evil that eventually led to the brutal Tate and then Labianca murders. The prosecution would go on to spin what was considered the de-facto theory behind the murder spree and the world bought into the Helter Skelter conspiracy. Now for the first time Documentary film producer and author James Buddy Day takes readers through a more rational and believable set of reasons for the murders. In 2017 Buddy Day produced the award winning Documentary The Final Words https: //video.search.yahoo.com/yhs/search?fr=... which brought together some of the true motivations of Manson and his followers. With first account interviews it becomes apparent that revenge and happenstance are more likely to have played key roles in the murders rather than the myth behind A Race War as forwarded by Bugliosi the prosectuing attourney and originator of the now famous book Helter Skelter which captivated audience the world over.James Buddy Day in the last author to have interviewed Charles Manson to get his perspective on what the prosecution and his conviction for murder when he was forty miles away when both acts were committed. The book will appeal to readers searching for facts and truths about the most iconic mass murder in the 20th century. You will get to know Manson through the pages of this book. Descriptions and interviews are very graphic and the material may not be suitable for some people.