Sleep Smarter is a fun and entertaining look at how sleep impacts your mind, body, and performance, without skimping on the "how to's" to get the sleep you really deserve.Whether you've struggled with sleep problems, or you're simply interested in living a longer, healthier life, you're going to be blown away with what you learn. Here's just a sampling of what you're going to discover: 
   Why you need to sleep more and exercise less to get the best fitness results.  
   How to feel more energized and refreshed on less hours of sleep.  
   Why poor sleep quality depresses brain function and leads to poor performance.  
   What supplements are safe and helpful, and which ones to avoid (this will shock you!)  
   What exercises you can do to instantly improve your sleep quality.  
   How the clothes you wear to bed can depress your hormone function.  
   Why sleep is the missing ingredient in long-term fat loss (clinically proven!)  
   Why going to bed at the right time is more important than how many hours you sleep.  
   What mineral deficiency can cause severe sleep problems (and how to fix it).  
   The surprising impact that intimacy has on your sleep quality.  
   How to calm your mind so that you can fall asleep faster.  
 This and much more inside, so open the book and begin to Sleep Smarter now!Shawn Stevenson is the creator of The Model Health Show, featured as the #1 Nutrition and Fitness podcast on itunes, and a leading health expert who's transformed the lives of thousands of people around the world. A graduate of The University of Missouri - St. Louis with a background in biology and kinesiology, Shawn went on to be the founder of Advanced Integrative Health Alliance, a successful company that provides Wellness Services for both individuals and organizations worldwide. Shawn is a dynamic keynote speaker who has spoken for TEDx, universities, and numerous organizations with outstanding reviews. To learn more, visit the author's website at TheShawnStevensonModel.com