
  Are your children refusing to go to bed? 

  Are you searching for a good, educative, yet soothing bedtime story?

  Is your older child experiencing jealousy towards younger siblings? 

  Are they refusing to engage in mutual activities?
This book is right here to help you show them joys of playing together! Adventures of Crabby the Crab and his little sisters will deliver an important moral and message to both older and younger children while providing entertainment for the whole family. You will also enjoy lovely, bright and soft illustrations.This book is great for read aloud at home, before bedtime or as a part of your family time. 
  This children's book that is highly entertaining, great for early readers, and is jam-packed with bedtime stories, jokes, games, and more? This children's storybook has it all!
  
  WHAT A GREAT DEAL! =&gt; FUN SHORT STORY, GAMES, ACTIVITIES, A COLORING BOOK INSIDE LINK AND FREE GIFT
Your child will be entertained for hours! Fun for the entire family!Kids and children can practice their reading skills or have a parent read it aloud. This special story includes lessons and morals about about caring and love.What’s include inside :   Special Bonus Free Gift!   Free Coloring   Craby The Crab   Just For fun Activities   Word Search   Word Search Solotions   Games and Maze Puzzles   Games and Maze Puzzles Solutions   Jokes Funny   About the Author    
  KINDLE UNLIMITED &amp; AMAZON PRIME members can read this book for FREE!
   
  This book is especially great for traveling, waiting rooms, and read aloud at home with friens and family. Also can use as a bedtime story.
     Excellent for beginning and early readers   Short story with pictures that are great for a quick bedtime story   Includes "just for fun" activities   Perfect for a bedtime story for kids   Fun games and puzzles included   Big and cute illustrations for early and younger readers   FREE coloring book downloads included   
  ***FREE GIFT INCLUDED WITH YOUR PURCHASE!***
 Free children's book download included! (see inside for details) 
  Scroll up and click 'buy' to get a quality book and spend best time with your child!
  
  100% Money Back Guarantee
  tags: kids books, books for kids, books for children, children books, childrens books, bedtime stories for kids, kids adventure books, early reader, kindle unlimited, kindle unlimited books for kids, bedtime stories, bedtime storybook collection, Children's books, short stories, kids stories, stories for kids, stories for children, kids ebooks, short stories, bedtime stories, kids stories, stories for kids, short stories for kids, short stories, stories for kids, jokes, kids stories, childrens st