‘We think we know the dark. We say so casually that it doesn’t frighten us. We forget that most of us have never faced real darkness. Not just a dimming of light. Not just nighttime. But complete and utter lightlessness…’Emlynn makes a new friend while exercising her recently claimed powers during Whitby Goth Festival. The search for a spirit looking for a lost treasure should be a simple problem to solve. But the Dead should never be underestimated. Nor should the land itself, which always remembers…Grace has settled into her new home in Cornwall, attending the University of Falmouth. She has formed a strong friendship with Nick, who was once trapped under the same curse as she was. Neither of them want anything more to do with the supernatural. But there are ancient forces at work, intent on leading young men to watery graves…Amy is excited to be visiting Geneva as part of a summer science program. Side swiped by her first real crush, she makes several startling discoveries - not least of which is that the seemingly quiet waters of Lake Geneva may harbour a frightening secret…Ciaran seeks to resolve his past and confront his abusive father, little realising that there is a geas on the men of his family and he has drawn the wrath of the Bean Sídhe…Lucas and Emlynn are thrown together by circumstance once more on a trip to London that might very well be the final destination for both of them…Craig’s nightmares have returned, worse than ever before, after fighting a hell hound with his friends. The fears of past and present clash as he wrestles with a supernatural terror of his own.The first Unveiled Collection brings all the previously published short stories and novellas (set between I Belong to the Earth and I Rule the Night) together in one volume with three new short stories and four new novellas. Hags, hell hounds, Sídhe and revenants about in a series of return visits to the Unveiled universe.Girls’ Night InHalf in Love with Easeful DeathFriendly FireWinter HorsesAmazing GraceAmy’s AcademicalsCiarán’s Chance The Black Dog of LymeA Candle Against the DarkLucas UndergroundHell, Heist and High WaterFear No More