Veteran political journalist Michael McCord's wicked and wild 2013 political satire The Execution Channel: A Political Fable foreshadowed the rise of Trumpsanity. It was only the beginning. The second act of the Real America saga continues with the recently released End Times: More Great Adventures in Real America. In an alternative yet eerily familiar American political universe, Lawrence C. 'Demon Seed' Bowie survived an attempt coup in 2018 but has rebounded with his customary good karma. Bowie is Chairman, CEO, President, and toga-wearing Emperor Supreme for Life of Real America, Inc. the Confederate-admiring, whites-preferred, and corporate-run nation that seceded from Old USA in 2020.Bowie has implemented The Galtian Imperatives (inspired by Ayn Rand, the goddess of Real America, and her greatest creation, the capitalist icon John Galt), the faith-based economic religion of super-duper profit capitalism, slavery revival and maximum plunder. Bowie and his fellow Real American founding fathers (Guardians of Galt) aim to eradicate the "moocher-taker-liberal-feminist-elitist hordes" and nurture a new country with the best aspects of a national crime syndicate and a death cult.Bowie's personality cult knows no bounds. As he prepares a 2021 Coronation Night of glory to celebrate his magnificence and dazzle the world, it appears nothing will stop him or Real America from a rendezvous with destiny. Alas, many foes conspire against him and threaten Real America: * Legendary secret agent Penelope the Psychic runs the intelligence forces of the Moocher Resistance Front. Bowie has put a $20 million bounty on her head but Penelope and her team of young digital warriors formulate a daring plan to take Bowie down.*His beloved Mama Bowie defects to Old USA and denounces her son "as an ignorant and dangerous fool." She also humiliates her son by writing a scandalous book (The Real Bloody Story of The Execution Channel) that shows him to be a cold-blooded killer and pathological liar.* The mysterious and elusive R-Gurr leads the Moocher Resistance Front in a guerrilla war against Real America and annoys Bowie to no end. R-Gurr also ruins Bowie's coronation night of glory.* The Pious Pauli is the former Congressional leader who defected from Old USA and became Bowie's closest adviser. As the Great Galtian Mystic, he enforces economic etiquette in Real America by deciphering the gospel of Ayn Rand and John Galt. The Pious Pauli also leads a conspiratorial plot to overthrow Bowie.* Mr. Jones, the Real America, Inc. Grand Security &amp; Secret Police Czar, is the second-most feared man in Real America. But Penelope the Psychic has forced him to be a double agent which complicates his attempts to thwart the "End Times" business plan of The Pious Pauli.End Times: More Great Adventures in Real America invites reader to believe (a la Lewis Carroll) six impossible things if not by breakfast than certainly by supper.