Master digital platforms to deliver powerful messages and build your personal brand"In the virtual world, every voice mail, e-mail, or tweet is fraught with the danger of misunderstanding or misdirection, which can be disastrous for results and/or relationships. For those on the rise or recently thrust into this very different world, this book is an exceptional resource . . . and entertaining too!"--Hal Johnson, Chairman, Global Human Resources Practice, Korn/Ferry International"Benton's insights on being seen as a leader remain as relevant as ever, even though the tools with which we work have changed dramatically. . . . The Virtual Executive provides a guide for making yourself and those around you successful in a rapidly evolving, connected, and virtual world."--Brian Fabes, CEO, Civic Consulting Alliance"Benton teaches us all the protocol for success in a digital age. What worked yesterday won't work today . . . and what will work tomorrow is in this book."--Rulon Stacey, Chairman, American College of Healthcare Executives; CEO, Poudre Valley Health Systems; author, Over Our Heads"Benton's book empowers you to play at the top of your game--not just in person, but from afar."--Paola Bonomo, Head of Online Services, Vodafone Omnitel N.V."A must-read as applicable to the novice new hire as it is to the CEO."--John Odegaard, Executive Director, U.S. Naval War College Foundation"A remarkably focused tool for the successful executive striving to be better in the digital age. I literally could not put the book down once I started it."--Stan Payne, CEO, Canaveral Port AuthorityAbout the Book: When was the last time you were in a meeting and every participant was in the room? How many people do you know who work from remote sites? How many e-mails did you receive and send at work today?Blogging, commenting, tagging, e-mailing, texting, video chatting. Everywhere you turn these days, there's a new way to communicate ideas and opinions. Whether you're a C-suite executive or a mid-level manager, you have to be able to move seamlessly among all the available digital platforms in order to communicate your message effectively.In The Virtual Executive, world-renowned CEO coach and bestselling author Debra Benton teaches you everything you need to know to navigate today's seemingly endless choices of social media and virtual communication tools in order to stay relevant in a sea of competition. From videoconferencing, instant messaging, and webinars to LinkedIn, Facebook, and Twitter, Benton explains how and when to use each platform to:Differentiate yourself from others in the vast digital worldDeliver a clear, powerful messageMake people remember you for the right reasonsBuild trust with colleagues and customersAchieve more than ever--with less effort and lower costsDigital communication isn't the way of the future--it's the way of now. And even more change is inevitable. If you don't face it head-on, the future will be a time of chaos and lost opportunities. But if you reinvent yourself into a true virtual executive, you will make your mark with surprising speed and effectiveness.The Virtual Executive is your guidebook to boldly leading your organization into the future by embracing digital communication platforms, tailoring them to your needs, and using them to build your personal brand for the long run.