"I want you, to finish a tat for me. The wings of a wench...ah I mean, wrench."Ayden's tats finally had meaning again all because of Trey.Wench: Noun;1. A country lass or working girl.2. Usually facetious; a girl or young women.Facetious: Noun;1. Amusing; humorous.Wench With Wings Tattoo;1. Trey2. A wrench as the body symbolizing her fixing him.3. Wings as an angel; his angel.Trey: Seen in Ayden's eyes;1. Hard working lass.2. Amusing or his muse.3. An angel he believes was sent to fix him.It's not what she thinks. He came into her life to steal her control. She won't let him; it's hers to hold. She's ready for the fight. Is heShe's a fighter, physically and emotionally. A child beaten, yet survived. She got far away from her father and put herself in college. She didn't let her past create a monster; she stood tall and became a women anyone could respect. By the second year in college everything was perfect in her eyes. Her own home above her tattoo shop, organized fights; she runs, a women's-demand-respect movement; she started, a college education and the strength to control her own life. She was finally good, people saw her for who she really is, who she's always wanted to be; a women that deserves respect.He's a fighter, physically and emotionally. A child left to survive on his own. He didn't let his past create just another loser; he stood tall and created a man worth calling more. Busting a** to save enough money to put himself in an art college so not to become the loser everyone saw him as. His plan in life was finally settling in place, more perfectly than he imagined; his acceptance letter, financial packet and place to live was set and the buzz around campus about the well-respected women tattoo artist, that he needed, he loves his tats, was also the head of and best of a fight ring he just had to be involved with.They both have their lives together; confidently, but when the two meet an interruption of one's life occurs. She's never been capable to love another and he's never been loved. The way they mess with each other's control causes them to question everything they've ever known. The constant friction between them causes their belief in life to become static of an old TV set; an old life they once believed to be what it was. Will they tear down the others control or make each other stronger? Nothing comes easy and nothing good comes without a fight. ~Not intended for readers under 18.~ 