Ticket to a Spanking by Jude Mason  If you have a kinky young couple into the spanking lifestyle, and you add a female friend who's intrigued by it, fun things can happen. Add a ticket for speeding and the fella's desire to expose his masochist needs; you definitely have the makings for an afternoon of naughty pleasures.  Julie's the dominant wife, Ken, the naughty husband and Chris, well she's just plain curious about it all and very horny. Ken's speeding ticket brings these three together for an afternoon of sexy, painful pleasure. He gets his butt warmed, Julie gets to show her girlfriend just how much fun a spanking can be. And Chris is inspired to try it all on her own wayward husband.  Will Ken find 'release' from the two sexy women or will his rampant erection go unattended, unlike his rosy red bum?  Rein Me In by Amber Skyze  Delia is happy being a stay-at-home wife, spending her husband's money. Only problem? Scott doesn't share her enthusiasm. Yes, he wants his wife to enjoy the finer things in life, but he wants her to stay within a budget.  Delia can't stick to a budget.  To teach her a lesson, Scott paddles her.  Who knew getting spanked could be so arousing? Not Delia, but now that Scott's turned her on, she wants more. In fact, she might go over her limit just to feel the heightened orgasms.  Can Scott rein her in before they both end up in the poorhouse?  Road Trip by Tara S. Nichols  After a long, cold winter spent indoors, a drive in the country to an unknown destination is just what Mona needs. The simple act of going for a drive has sensuous effects on the kinky, urban girl, something, Jess, her boyfriend, is well aware of.  Mona grows more and more aroused with each deserted side road they pass and Jess shows no sign of stopping. Seeing he isn't about to pull over and do her right, she starts to tease him as best she can in the little space she is provided, hoping to rile him up enough to give her a spanking.  When she finally succeeds in driving Jess to distraction, Mona can only hope she's been naughty enough.  Lip Service by Keta Diablo  After their recent tiff, Bryan took off for Japan on business and left Navarre home to stew. Now Bryan is expected home after two long weeks, but fate has other plans--mechanical problems with his plane and no rental cars available. So what's a desperate man to do? Find his own means to get to the man he loves. When Navarre finally arrives at Bryan's hotel, he has second thoughts about challenging fate. Bryan has company in his room!  Special Content Alert: Spanking, Menage, M/M  Excerpt:  From Road Trip by Tara S. Nichols:  Jess scooped up another handful. "More?"  I nodded and he pressed it against my pussy. I would have sucked in a sharp breath had it not been for the cock gag in my mouth. With no other outlet, I allowed the rubber bung invading my mouth to take the brunt of my reaction, sucking and biting it. Merciless in his pursuit, Jess moved the snow in small circles, working the frozen mass against my clit until water trickled down the insides of my thighs. Although intensely cold at first, the snow melted quickly against the heat of my sex, and soon Jess had nothing to torment me with.  Undaunted, he picked up the pitiful looking board and gave it a test swing. "So, are you still game?"  The thought of the board slapping against my ass brought a new flood between my legs. Muddy and decayed, the board would no doubt leave a dirty mark across my cheeks. The thought of allowing it to touch my skin repulsed me, yet I nodded. I couldn't imagine anything I'd like better.