Bound &amp; Controlled: The Complete Series Everyone approaches BDSM in their own way. Brothers Garrett, Brent, Grant, and Bryce are no different. While each are involved in the BDSM scene in some way, what they want varies. Dominants, submissives, and switches, get to know them as they find love and explore who they are and what they need.   The Owners: A Bound &amp; Controlled Prequel Bound &amp; Controlled is a gay BDSM club that offers its members a quiet place to meet and an intriguing place to play. Owners Ben and Conner watch over the club and its members with a firm hand and a caring heart. M/m BDSM Boxed Set When they see members who are unhappy or troubled, they can’t resist stepping in and lending a helping hand.  Garrett There were only so many times in a week you should have to see someone you were…attracted to…infatuated with…but certainly didn’t have a crush on. Doms didn’t have those. Especially on a customer who probably wasn’t even gay, much less a sub. Business 101—do not flirt with a client.  Brent Brent’s legendary bad luck when it came to men was undeniable. If there was a wanna-be Dom in a hundred miles, he found them. But even he couldn’t have predicted what would happen next. Mixed signals and too much time off won’t make it any better, or will it?  Grant Grant had always loved more feminine men. A sexy guy in lingerie just did it for him. But when you looked more like a bouncer than an insurance agent, the pretty guys ran for the hills. Carter seemed different, though. When he looked at Grant, he saw the real man underneath the tattoos and muscles. Could Grant make him understand that he liked Carter just the way he was, or would Carter’s doubts  Bryce Bryce was confident when it came to work and his family, but hesitant when it involved relationships. He’d found subs that he pulled to him and Doms that could make his knees weak for a scene or two, but no one that tugged at his heart or who could understand what it was like to be both a Dom and a sub—until he’d seen Troy and Oliver—   163k+ Words Story Contains: M/m and M/M/M sexual content, BDSM elements, mild exhibitionism, spanking, gender-fluid dressing, and orgasm denial. The books are not taboo in nature. 