Modern health pioneers are turning the food pyramid on its head, replacing a low-fat focus to one that embrace the Low-Carb, Healthy Fat (LCHF) ethic as a means to achieving optimal health. What the Fat? shows how easy it can be to adopt the LCHF lifestyle so you can lose weight and keep it off, deter inflammation, increase energy, and live better for longer.Professor Grant Schofield, dubbed the ‘Fat Professor,’ is a respected public-health academic with 20 years of experience into leading the wave of change in how we think about our health, including how we exercise, sleep, play, and connect. Dr. Caryn Zinn is a registered dietitian and sports nutritionist. With a master’s in sports nutrition and doctoral studies in achieving sustainable weight loss, Caryn’s mission is to influence the dietetic profession to understand the potential of improved health benefits of LCHF nutrition. Craig Roger is a classically-trained chef with Michelin-starred restaurant experience. Craig and his family are the founders of LOOP, New Zealand’s first restaurant to feature an LCHF approach to dining out in which carb-laden fillers are replaced with nutritionally dense ingredients.Nina Teicholz is an investigative journalist and author of the International (and New York Times) bestseller, The Big Fat Surprise (Simon &amp; Schuster). The Economist named it #1 science book of 2014, and it was also named a 2014 *Best Book* by the Wall Street Journal, Forbes, Mother Jones, and Library Journal, The Big Fat Surprise has upended the conventional wisdom on dietary fat and challenged the very core of our nutrition policy. A review of the book in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition said, “This book should be read by every nutritional science professional..” A former editor of the British Medical Journal said, “Teicholz has done a remarkable job in analysing [the] weak science, strong personalities, vested interests, and political expediency” of nutrition science. Before taking a deep dive into researching nutrition science for nearly a decade, Teicholz was a reporter for National Public Radio and also contributed to many publications, including the Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Washington Post, The New Yorker, and The Economist. She attended Yale and Stanford where she studied biology and majored in American Studies. She has a master’s degree from Oxford University and served as associate director of the Center for Globalization and Sustainable Development at Columbia University. She lives in New York city.