
  Sabrina Tate and her cat, Hitchcock, must sort through the clues when a librarian is killed and justice is overdue . . .
  With construction on the town’s new library nearing completion, mystery writer Sabrina Tate is thrilled that local book lovers, and her own forthcoming novel, will soon have a fresh new home. But tensions are rising at the site as the headstrong new librarian insists on telling the construction crew how to do their jobs, bringing work to a standstill. When Sabrina’s cat unearths the dead body of the librarian not long after—and a good friend’s husband is named as the main suspect—she finds herself being pulled into a murder investigation yet again.  While virtually all the workers at the site had a motive to commit the dark deed, Sabrina turns her attention to the victim’s background looking for clues, but hits a dead end when she can’t locate any of the woman’s family. As a string of planted evidence and a murky collection of malicious characters starts to surface, Sabrina knows she and Hitchcock will have to tread carefully, before the library killer decides to check them out for good . . .  Includes delicious dessert recipes!  Praise for the Bad Luck Cat Mysteries:  “I loved every page of Black Cat Crossing, and I can’t wait for a return visit to Lavender.” —Miranda James, New York Times bestselling author  “Black Cat Crossing has everything a cozy mystery reader could want—intrigue, memorable characters, a small-town setting, and even a few mouthwatering recipes . . . A purr-fectly cozy read.” —Ellery Adams, New York Times bestselling author  “Finch has, yet again, offered a great tale of female and feline that cozy readers will love.” —Suspense Magazine   About the Author:  Kay Finch is the national bestselling author of the Bad Luck Cat Mysteries. Though her character, Sabrina Tate, is a mystery writer who’s left the paralegal profession behind to move to the Texas Hill Country, Kay still works as a paralegal at a Houston law firm. A country girl at heart, Kay grew up on a farm in Pennsylvania, and she loves the huge cattle-filled fields near her Texas home. She resides in a Houston suburb with her husband and rescue pets. Visit her at www.kayfinch.com. 