Silver Bell  Football has been both my freedom and my restraints. I'm my happiest when I'm on the field. I have an assignment. I know what I need to do and I get it done. I don’t have to worry about my parents and their demands or anything else going on or not going on in my life. It paid my way through college, which meant not having to rely on my parents for my education. Unfortunately, it gives them a reason to actually give a crap about me, and pay far too much attention to my life. Between them and my fear of losing football if anyone ever found out the truth about me, I've never been able to fully be myself. Which I never thought of as being that big of a deal…until I get kidnapped. Or, I guess until I get rescued. Parker Bradley is the sexiest, most tempting man I've ever met. He makes me want in a way I never have before. In a way that makes me want to be far braver than I have the ability to be in my life. For someone whose life is just as bound and buried in the closet as I was in that crazy wolf-shifter's office, that's terrifying.  Parker Bradley  While on a mission to finally rid our department and our friends at the Becker pack of the cult and it's Alpha Supreme, I literally find my mate trussed up in a closet. And boy does he come out hard. With one problem out of the way, my new, self-imposed mission features getting my mate to accept me. Unfortunately, he has more than one reason to keep his sexuality hidden and continue to live the only life he's known how up until now. Secrets included. I can work around that. Or in the very least, I can wait it out. But in order for Silver to get back to the way things were before, we have to find the person who sold him to the travelling sell-a-mate show, because whoever it was knows things about him only people close to him would. And if they got away with selling him once, who's to say they won't do it again? Can I help my mate get his old life back knowing it means putting our happy ever after on hold indefinitely? Or will I risk his happiness so I can selfishly keep my lineman?  Warning: Mpreg elements!  Also, my books have little to no angst, and lots and lots of fluff! They are better read in order, because I kind of write them like a continuation of a story, and I don't like to repeat explanations over and over if I can help it. No cheating, because that makes my heart hurt, and I try to avoid things that make me sad like I SHOULD be avoiding carbs. Sorry, I just don't want anyone being disappointed if they like the angst filled heart-rippers. These read more like a romantic comedy than a romantic drama.  Enjoy!! ::blowing you kisses:: 