NOW A #1 BESTSELLER
   His name is Farden. They whisper that he’s dangerous. Dangerous is only the half of it. 
"Galley's imagination is a truly beautiful thing. The plot here is rich and intricate, and the characters are a delight... I believe Mr Galley may well be one to watch.”– Fantasy Bytes"Harry Potter meets Lord of the Rings."– NottingHarp, Amazon Reviewer"There are certain twists that will surprise the reader by genuinely coming out of the left field.”– Fantasy Book Critic "Absolutely one of my most favorite series ever."– Amie Eckelmann"Ben Galley is not yet as good an author as Gemmell but the thing that I find exciting is that I honestly think that he could be.”– Fantasy Book Review--------------------A spellbook has gone missing from the libraries of Arfell – a very old and extremely powerful spellbook from the time of dark elves and demons. Five scholars are dead, the magick council is running out of time and options, and the Arka is once again on the brink of war with the Siren dragon-riders. It falls to Farden the Written mage to keep the world from falling into chaos. Entangled in a web of lies and politics, Farden must recover the spellbook before an ancient enemy rises, even if it takes journeying halfway across icy Emaneska and back.In his fight for answers, Farden will unearth a secret that not only shakes the foundations of his world, but threaten the entire future of Emaneska. Sorcery, death, drugs and the deepest of betrayals await.Welcome to Emaneska.--------------------The Written is the first volume in The Emaneska Series and the debut book of dark and epic fantasy author Ben Galley. Packed with magic and monsters, gods and demons, The Written is perfect for fans of Brandon Sanderson, Robin Hobb, and George R.R. Martin.The next books in the epic Emaneska Series – Pale Kings, Dead Stars - Part One, and Dead Stars - Part Two – are also now available in eBook and paperback. You can follow Ben on Twitter and YouTube @BenGalley, on Facebook and Instagram at @BenGalleyAuthor or find his other fantasy books at bengalley.com.