
   A serial-killer thriller from the acclaimed author of the #1 bestselling Dark Yorkshire Series. 
 A killer stalks his prey. The five precepts are laid down. The sixth will be his own...  DI Nathaniel Caslin has earned the freedom to run his case load as he sees fit, bypassing the hierarchical constraints with his specialist unit. Little does he know a deadly adversary is walking the streets of York. One who will push the team to their psychological limits...  Reluctantly agreeing to a joint investigation alongside a detective from the Drug Squad, Caslin is perplexed by the multiple homicides of a number of addicts. Poisoned by their own supply with no apparent motive, the killings appear gang related. The crime scene is filthy and forbidding with each victim having the index finger removed from their right hand after death. A planned mutilation? A trophy? Strategically placed among the dead is a blooming pink flower, the only beauty within a dark, macabre scene.  When a bank employee vanishes only to be found dead at the hands of a medieval stoning, Caslin's team are left with a puzzle to unpick. An index finger is missing and inside the victim's mouth, carefully placed and undamaged, are the petals of a small pink flower...  A serial killer is on a mission. Caslin must reach into the darkness in order to confront the most dangerous and determined killer of the age. One who seeks to build a monument to his efforts. One who desires to see the world perish in flames...  Terrifying, thrilling and suspenseful, The Sixth Precept is the latest installment in the internationally bestselling series by crime writer J M Dalgliesh.  As with all the Dark Yorkshire books, The Sixth Precept can be enjoyed as a standalone thriller or read as the next chapter of the series. Buy it today!    
  Also by J M Dalgliesh
  DIVIDED HOUSE  BLACKLIGHT  The DOGS in the STREET  BLOOD MONEY  FEAR the PAST  THE DARK YORKSHIRE SERIES: BOOKS 1 TO 3 (The DI Caslin Boxset)   
    Praise for J M Dalgliesh 
  ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Dalgliesh is up there with the best…  ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Brutal but elegant…  ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ The stories are so well written and fast paced with complex twists…  ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Fantastic thrillers. Great crime noir…  ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ The whole series has authenticity, excitement and is a darn good read… 