Sometimes the past just won’t stay buried.When 14 year old Brittany disappears one night, her parents are devastated, certain she has been taken.They can’t bear to think about who has done this and what might be happening to their precious girl. Even worse, the police seem to see them as suspects, implying that they may have had a part in their own daughter’s disappearance. Only their neighbor, Taylor, is a rock. She organizes search parties, feeds the volunteers, works night and day to help them find Brittany.But as this affluent California community becomes focused on the hunt for the missing girl, it slowly becomes clear that her disappearance is linked to terrible secrets from the past.Secrets that must be kept hidden at all costs….The Good Neighbor is a gripping psychological thriller that twists and turns as it races towards its nerve-shredding climax. Perfect for fans of K. L. Slater, Teresa Driscoll and Mark Edwards. What readers are saying about The Good Neighbor:‘I don’t even know where to start! This book has left me speechless. I love all of the mystery and drama The Good Neighbor provided.’ – NetGalley Reviewer‘The Good Neighbor is a thrilling read that will have you gripped right from the beginning till the final page. If you love a story that is full of secrets, mystery, suspense with twists and turns, then this is the book for you.’ – Onceaponatimebookblog.com‘Omg, this is a totally and utterly AMAZING book. It's an intense tale of manipulation, lies, suspicion, deception and secrets that poses the question. Is it always best to do the right thing?’ – NetGalley Reviewer‘Wow! To say this book “packs a punch” is such an understatement – it more ‘smacks you around the head with a 9 iron!’ There were twists and turns around every corner all neatly packaged within this highly readable tale.’ – ReadandRated.com‘A great, can't put it down suspense mystery novel.  Read it in one day! It is rare to be surprised at how a story twists and turns I highly recommend for a great take on a plot that isn't predictable.’ – NetGalley Reviewer‘I loved the characters in this book…The book developed a hold over me…I was drawn into this story from the first word on the first page and Cathryn kept my attention throughout the book…a very well deserved 5* out of 5*.’ – gingerbookgeek.wordpress.com‘A fantastic psychological thriller. Suspense filled and a very exciting read. Loved it. A good and exciting mystery.’ – NetGalley Reviewer 