FLAVIA'S SECRET [Historical Romance] Spirited, young scribe Flavia hopes for freedom. She and her fellow slaves in Aquae Sulis (modern Bath) have served the Lady Valeria for many years, but their mistress death brings a threat to Flavia s dream: her new master Marcus Brucetus, a charismatic, widowed officer toughened in the forests of Germania. Flavia finds him overwhelmingly attractive but she is aware of the danger. To save her life and those of her 'family' she has forged a note from her mistress. If her deception is discovered, all the slaves may die. For his part torn between attraction and respect, Marcus will not force himself on Flavia. Flavia by now knows of his grief over the deaths of his wife Drusilla and child. But how can she match up to the serene, flame-haired Drusilla? As the wild mid-winter festival of Saturnalia approaches, many lives will be changed forever. *** 4.5 Blue Ribbons: "Lindsay Townsend has thoroughly convinced me that I need to go back into time and become a scribe in ancient England. I lived and breathed Flavia's yearnings and love for Marcus throughout the pages of Flavia's Secret. Marcus was harder to read but no less important. His status as a widower afforded him the ability to try and stay untouched and out of reach of clinging females. I smiled when the one female who wanted to remain aloof from him was able to change his stance on love and worm her way into his heart. Releasing as an e-book first and then a print book later this year, Flavia's Secret is a passionate historical romance. Set in ancient England during Roman rule, I enjoyed reading about these two wonderful characters as well as the setting and town in which the novel took place. Marcus and Flavia were perfect for each other and this book was the perfect read for my ancient history loving soul. Thumbs up Ms. Townsend! I loved every word of Flavia's Secret!" --Natasha, Romance Junkies *** 4.5 Red Roses: "Marcus is home to take his inheritance and his eyes are always on Flavia. At first afraid of him, Flavia grows to like him, but Marcus believes that Lady Valeria was murdered. He has a suspect in mind--a man with evil in is heart, a man who wants Flavia and will stop at nothing to get her. An exciting mystery set in ancient Britain. The romance between Flavia and Marcus is strong and passionate, and the mystery is intriguing. Very enjoyable." --Morna, Red Roses Reviews *** 4 Books, Best Book of the Week: "In this wonderfully researched historical novel that gives us a rare look into a seldom described period, Lindsay Townsend weaves romance, intrigue, and historical fact into a unique and compelling story. The Roman town of Aquae Sulis, which we know today as Bath, springs to life in its ancient incarnation. Lindsay manages to present the classical world not with a modern bias, but through the eyes of those who were born and grew in it, those who find it ordinary and natural. The unusual time period gives the story a hue of fantasy, but the plot, the character's reactions, the motivations are solidly grounded in reality--both in the psychology of the characters and in the logic of the historical time. And Lindsay Townsend populates her ancient city with a colorful cast. Even the most minor characters are given due attention and spring to life for whatever short part they are called to play. The more important ones are unforgettable. Lindsay excels at adding the right small touch to make each one come to life and be remembered. Flavia's Secret is also an emotionally satisfying read. The story pulls the reader in to share the events and to empathize fully with the main characters. It is impossible to put it down once you've started to read it. Moreover, Lindsay Townsend has achieved what all writers strive for--the reader will wish the story would go on forever." --Cherry Blossom, Long and Short Reviews"