The recipe is simple — take 22 adventurous women, drop them into fascinating destinations around the globe and add exceptional storytelling. The result is a compelling new women’s travel anthology called A Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women’s Travel. A Pink Suitcase brings together a talented group of daring women as they journey on adventures as unforgettable as they are moving. These intrepid explorers take on the world with wide eyes, an open heart and a woman’s point of view. Their stories are as diverse as the destinations they visit, from sailing the South Pacific to hiking the Appalachian Trail and searching for roots in rural China. Along the way, many uncover their own hidden strength when confronting difficulty and danger. Several take up the challenge of trying something new because they can – and do! – reveling in the joy of accomplishment and fresh discoveries. Still others find healing in travel, a soothing balm when nothing else seems to help. They travel as mothers, sisters, wives, daughters, friends and lovers. Sometimes they travel alone, whether by choice or circumstance, forming deep connections with those who cross their paths. They find that curiosity, courage and sometimes even a sense of humor can create an experience that is not only unforgettable, but transforming. From the tropics of French Polynesia to the Hill Tribe villages of Thailand, A Pink Suitcase will take you on a journey you’ll long remember. • 	Join a hitchhiker in Samoa on an unusual search •	Sail the world with your family and a finicky cat•	Learn to smile in the Outback, even after great loss•	Take a walk in India guided by starlight and a stranger•	Comb the Chinese countryside for a mystery man •	Cook up good memories with a chef in France •	Use travel charades to get around in Russia•	Run the race of your life in French Polynesia•	Find hope and giggles with the Hill Tribes of Thailand •	Watch out for bears in the Canadian backcountry And many more…A Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women's Travel includes stories from 22 top travel writers from around the globe. The book was compiled and edited by Janna Graber, an award-winning American travel journalist and TV producer.Contributors include * Bernadette Murphy* Katie Hammel* Nadine Michèle Payn* Leslie Stainton* Jill Boyles* Devyani Borade* Celeste Brash* Claire Ibarra* Amy Laughinghouse* Mary Ann Sternberg* Diane Selkirk* Maggy Whitehouse* Maya Kroth* Nancy McCabe* Josalin Saffer* Gabriella Brand* Sandell Morse* Dorothy Maillet* Gina Kremer* Suzanne Kamata* Sally Wendkos Olds* Janna GraberA Pink Suitcase: 22 Tales of Women's Travel is the third book in the World Traveler Tales series. For more information, see WorldTravelerPress.com