Four sisters wielding the power of the elements. Four men who have vowed to protect them. One mother’s quest to destroy them. Experience the power of love in season.  The Prophecy (Spring):  Escaping from her mother, Gaia, Creator of All, was only the beginning for Aria Spring. Staying hidden will require protection from the one man she doesn’t trust to save anyone but himself. Responsible for breathing new life into the dormant world, Aria is determined to save it, and her elementals sisters from her mother’s vow of destruction.  Disbelieving the tall tales his father and grandfather told when he was a child, Eiden refuses to acknowledge his family’s legacy as Protector of the Spring. The draw to Aria, however, is too great for him to resist, and he finds himself unable to stay away from her. When he sees her powers in action with his own eyes, he can no longer deny the fierce need to protect her – even if it costs him his life.  Bayou Bleue (Summer):  Été Munson is the fiery daughter of Gaia, the Creator of All, and the reason why the season of summer exists. But when Gaia decides the Earth is too ominous to keep, her plan sends Été into hiding in the mystical town of Bayou Bleue, Louisiana. Enter Bear Glenn. A mysterious voyager who has come from Scotland to find Été before Gaia does. As she brings Bear into the Heart of the Swamp, a land filled with Bayou Trolls, Silent People, and the legendary Rougarou, their Fate will be tested, along with their will to survive.  Connected Souls (Fall):  Autumn Munson lives a simple life. As simple as a goddess in hiding can, that is. One of the four Elemental daughters of Gaia, Mother of All, she’s the very embodiment of the fall season. But when Mommy Dearest gets the crazy idea that the Earth must go, Autumn and her sisters scatter into hiding in a last ditch effort to save the world. William Varian is an ancient soul. An immortal shifter who has been watching over Autumn for longer than she realizes. He holds the secrets to a past that she’s long forgotten - one where they meant everything to each other. But as he fights to keep Autumn safe, will they allow Gaia to use their centuries-old connection to destroy them, or will it prove to be a bond that not even the Mother of All can break?  Cold Awakenings (Winter):  Wynter Munson doesn't belong in Los Angeles, but what better place to hide a Winter goddess. All that sun won't melt her frozen heart, though, after the betrayal and loss of her cheating husband. It's her darkness that Morpheus is drawn to. He finds the girl of his dreams inside hers. But when the Mother of All threatens Wynter's son, he must convince her that love not only destroys lives. It can save them too.