I’ll show her the ropes. And then I’ll tie her up with them.  Asher:  Madilyn St. Clair doesn’t know it but I hand-picked her to be the newest employee at my firm.  I’ve assigned myself as her mentor and I plan to teach her everything I know. And I do mean everything.  I'm her first boss and I happen to know I'd be her first… everything else.  I knew I wanted her before she even started working here.  Now that she's here, I really f*cking want her. Those curves. That smile. The way she looks at me with those innocent yet "come and get me" eyes. I know I can make her mine.  She'll be begging for me in no time. I love how she makes me chase her but she’ll be saying “Yes, Boss” before she knows it.  And no one is going to stop me from taking what I want, except maybe myself.  I built this firm from the ground up and I don’t follow anyone’s rules.  But I do have my own rules in place to make sure I don’t ruin everything I’ve made by playing fast and loose with my heart. Like I’m starting to do with her.  I’m used to getting what I want but I’m not used to wanting something more.  Madilyn:  My boss is not supposed to be trying to sleep with me. And I’m not supposed to want to let him.  Asher Marks and I couldn't be any different if we tried.  Sure, we're both ambitious lawyers but the comparison stops there.  He's much older, much more experienced in the courtroom as well as the bedroom, he's filthy rich and the word around the firm is that he's a player.  I can't stand guys like him. He thinks he can do what he wants whenever he wants.  He wants me to say “Yes boss,” “Please boss,” “More boss.”  And for some strange reason, I want to say it. I want to do it. What has gotten into me?  I'm the type of woman who likes to stay in control of my life, my career and my relationships.  So why do I want to give it up— quite literally— to my boss, of all people? And what will happen if I do?  **Yes, Boss is a full length standalone dirty office romance novel with no cliffhanger, no cheating and a happily ever after. For a limited time this edition comes with two bonus books (Out of Bounds: A Bad Boy Sports Romance and Jensen: A Bad Boy Military Romance). The title novel ends at approximately 35% of the book. Only 99 cents for a very limited time!