
  Six Historical Stories of Love That Takes Persuasion
 Take an adventurous ride along on the bumpy trail to love as six independent women of yesteryear are cautiously courted into matrimony by men they have both intrigued and hurt. Will troubles douse the sparks of love before anyone can become a bride?An Unexpected Surprise by Rosey Dow, a writer and motivational speaker from Delaware. Angie McDonald has placed an ad for a mail-order bride—for her widowed brother-in-law and his motherless daughter. But when the beautiful Saundra arrives, Angie wonders if she’s made a mistake and woven a very tangled web. When will Angie learn to leave matters in the hand of God?Ribbon of Gold by Cathy Marie Hake, a retired nurse and bestselling author from Southern California. Carter Steadman recently inherited ownership of the Steadman Mills. He is shamed when Isabel Shelly, one of his workers, boldly informs him of the inhuman working conditions at his mill. Carter is inexplicably drawn to this woman who has so little, yet gives so much. Her mere presence is forcing him to make a decision beyond his wildest imaginings.Light Beckons the Dawn by Susannah Hayden, a writer and editor from Colorado. Percy Morgan has hidden her past and stifled her future with a gruff exterior and immersed herself in work at a remote lumber camp. Faced with friendships offered by the few women in camp and the attentions of the camp doctor, Percy must decide if she can take a risk and reopen the pain of the past so that healing can begin.Reluctant Schoolmarm by Yvonne Lehman, a multi-published author and writers’ conference speaker from North Carolina. When Christa Walsh steps off a train in the backwoods of  North Carolina’s Blue Ridge Mountains and reluctantly into the role of teacher, she finds the job more rewarding than she expected, winning the hearts of the children—and along the way, warming the heart of the man whose deception landed her the position.School Bells and Wedding Bells by Colleen L. Reece, an author from Washington state with over six million books in print. Freshly jilted and ready to take on the world, Meredith Rose Macrae enters an isolated Idaho hamlet with the force of a tornado. Neither she nor Last Chance will ever be the same. And Brit Farley, rugged head of the local school board, faces the challenge of exchanging the new teacher’s school bells for wedding bells.Rose Kelly by Janet Spaeth, a bestselling author from North Dakota. Rose believes a woman can do any job just as well as a man. But moving to Dakota Territory for six months to write articles on the homesteaders, she suddenly realizes that she may have taken on more then she can handle when trampling upon Eric Johansen private past.