NOTE: this book is currently in moratorium. Please see the two currently produced books in the series: Melody Jackson v. the Woman in White, or Melody Jackson v. the Hound from Hell, or check out http:\\www.lafayettestreetbooks.com for the current line of Melody Jackson books and swag.The house next door had always been a little creepy. But when her father began to tell stories of his own childhood, Melody Jackson knew this wasn't going to be an average summer vacation.This is the story about a smart girl who hates new-fangled technologies, and is more interested in machinery and objects of the past. Melody also believes little in the ways of spiritual, metaphysical, or the unprovable. She's home schooled, a little nerdy but a stern realist. It isn't long, however, before Melody stumbles into some very old truths of the world and the universe. Dark, horrible things.It was the house next door, which was really the start of it. The house had always been a little creepy, but when her father began to open up with stories of his own childhood, Melody Jackson knew this wasn't going to be an average summer vacation.Join Melody, her parents, and her friend Flutter (who becomes fixated with the creepy neighbor next door) as they travel through a whirlwind of adventure, suspense and terror. Starting at the local, haunted amusement park and ending with a terrifying night drive to nearly bottomless lake in the dark, Melody's view of the world would never quite be the same again.From the AuthorB.M.B. Johnson lives in Portland with his own family. Although the events of this novel are fictional, the characters and some of the situations are very similar.From the Back CoverFrom behind the door came a deep, grumbling voice. The words were unintelligible, and Melody could not decide if they were produced by a human or the presupposed spectral entity from the depths of her imagination. This was followed by a whirlwind of clicking, as though a multitude of hands were undoing dozens of locks in quick succession."This is it," Melody said, much too softly for Flutter to hear. "This is the end." She only wished her parents were here so she could say goodbye to them.