
  This is an updated cover of this Kindle edition.
In this dazzling new novel, Emily Giffin, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of Something Borrowed, Where We Belong, and The One &amp; Only introduces a pair of sisters who find themselves at a crossroads.   Growing up, Josie and Meredith Garland shared a loving, if sometimes contentious relationship. Josie was impulsive, spirited, and outgoing; Meredith hardworking, thoughtful, and reserved. When tragedy strikes their family, their different responses to the event splinter their delicate bond.   Fifteen years later, Josie and Meredith are in their late thirties, following very different paths. Josie, a first grade teacher, is single—and this close to swearing off dating for good. What she wants more than the right guy, however, is to become a mother—a feeling that is heightened when her ex-boyfriend’s daughter ends up in her class. Determined to have the future she’s always wanted, Josie decides to take matters into her own hands.   On the outside, Meredith is the model daughter with the perfect life. A successful attorney, she’s married to a wonderful man, and together they’re raising a beautiful four-year-old daughter. Yet lately, Meredith feels dissatisfied and restless, secretly wondering if she chose the life that was expected of her rather than the one she truly desired.    As the anniversary of their tragedy looms and painful secrets from the past begin to surface, Josie and Meredith must not only confront the issues that divide them, but also come to terms with their own choices. In their journey toward understanding and forgiveness, both sisters discover they need each other more than they knew . . . and that in the recipe for true happiness, love always comes first.   Emotionally honest and utterly enthralling, First Comes Love is a story about family, friendship, and the courage to follow your own heart—wherever that may lead.  Praise for Emily Giffin   “Emily Giffin ranks as a grand master. . . . She has traversed the slippery slopes of true love, lost love, marriage, motherhood, betrayal, forgiveness and redemption that have led her to be called ‘a modern-day Jane Austen.’ ”
  —Chicago Sun-Times
  “A dependably down-to-earth, girlfriendly storyteller.”
  —The New York Times
  “Giffin’s talent lies in taking relatable situations and injecting enough wit and suspense to make them feel fresh.”
  —People
  “Emily Giffin is the creator of characters so real and so enthrallingly flawed that people sometimes forget they are fictional.”
  —Atlanta Journal-Constitution
   “When it comes to writing stories that resonate with real women, bestselling author Emily Giffin has hit her stride.”
  —San Francisco Chronicle
  “Giffin knows a thing or two about writing a page turner.”—Southern Living  “Giffin’s writing is true, smart, and heartfelt.”—Entertainment Weekly