An Open Letter to Any Musician Who Wants to Make $100,000 (or More) in the Music BusinessYou're in a career where it's considered "normal" to be broke. If you were doing anything else for a living, you'd have given up by now.And I'm sure there are people in your life who wish you'd do just that... They want you to settle down, get a "real" job, and make music a hobby.Screw 'em. The truth is, if you know what to do, you can make a lot of money as a musician.This book shows you what to do. You'll learn exactly how to make money with your music -- in the club, on the Internet, and on the road.Here's a taste of what's waiting for you... How to get record labels to approach you (instead of you chasing them) Nobody at your shows? I'll show you several ways to fix that... "The Drip Method" -- The most profitable way to release music. A 100-year-old marketing trick developed by a woman thought to be "too fat and ugly" for a career in music -- today it works better than ever! The greatest threat to your music business success (it's not piracy) and how to neutralize it. A songwriting secret from successful drag queens and pissed off karaoke singers so potent, it almost guarantees a great song! How a $10 "kitchen appliance" will make you a better songwriter 4 proven "cures" for music business burnout and overwhelm What it takes for a musician to make $150,000/year (with only 500 fans) Rules for social media. Ignore these at your own risk. "Superfan" Secrets - How to develop fans who buy everything you sell. How to sell lots of music... without being obnoxious or turning people off Are you a musician over 40? Why age doesn't matter anymore... Proven, word-for-word "scripts" and emails that get people to buy your music 8 ways to make money giving your music away for free A small change in the way you release new music that is so powerful, you will double the money you make.And that's just for starters. There's a lot of money to be made in the music business and this book will make sure you don't miss out.Now is your chance. If you want a successful career as a musician, this book will help you.