Finally-an Illustrated Guide to Intentional Dating for Commitment-conscious Millennials!Protect your Heart and Find Someone who Gets You-You Can do it and I'll show you how!Look around you- a cultural change has occurred. Commitment is a dying concept. Young millennial women of class and grace, it's time to step into your power to get the meaningful relationship you crave! Hopeless as today's dating climate appears, we can't wait on men to fix it because we're the ones hurting. If you're tired of dating for fun and ready to find a great guy you can build something meaningful with, this is for you!"Dating on Purpose" will teach you: A great formula that determines whether a man truly will enjoy a serious relationship with you (not a "situationship" that leaves you feeling empty where it counts).The real reason why having sex too soon is such a problem in modern datingCommunication scripts to use for "The Talk" or to confidently ask for whatever you want, whether it's an exclusive committed relationship or the next step up the commitment ladderWhat you need to know about the Dating Sweet Spot for MenThe powerful response for wishy washy men who treat you like an optionHow to give him a reason to move your relationship to the next levelThe step-by-step guide to "fighting fair" and handling your disagreementsWhen you should pull back in your efforts, and when you should dive inHow to keep Feminine Overthink contained so it doesn't leak out as embarassing, insecure behaviorRelationship Leverage: What it is, why you want it, how to get it, how to use it, how to lose itWhat no one tells you about the phrase "love is all you need"And much more!Achieve your #relationshipgoals!You want to experience all life has to offer, and probably someday, experience it as a team. In between selfies, squad goals, and social media, it would be amazing to find someone you can be yourself with, who "gets" you. Call it resonance, if you will. The right person doesn't just drop into your life, he "proves" himself into it by his actions and effort, not simply by the way he makes you tingle. It's not a struggle to connect, because both parties are delighted to do so.Date Like a Boss using Something Old, Something NewDating on Purpose is all about taking the thrill of one of life's oldest activities (nope, it's not THAT one) and turning it into something that pulls you closer to your true goals - the committed relationship you crave. Before you elbow all dating rules to the side, why not look at the reasoning behind them? Sure, it's 2017, but how much have men really changed? The home truths you'll find in this book will reveal the secrets of basic male psychology so you understand their motivation and stay two steps ahead. Learn how to forge an emotional connection, which is key to building a relationship with substance.You'll see why pacing yourself and using a bit of strategy gives you dating leverage. This inspired, illustrated handbook breaks down basic dating principles with entertaining pictures worth 1000 words. And no, it's not playing games-it's called understanding men! Start calling your own shots and spark the change you desire. Dating on Purpose is available for immediate purchase. Simply scroll back up, and click the buy button!