I didn’t just wake up one day understanding how to take care of myself. I had to learn how to do so over time, and I continue to learn—each and every day. This is a process, and my body is constantly changing. So is yours. And when I learned how to accept that I will always be like this, I relaxed. Our bodies do not stand still for time.When you understand yourself and connect to how you can become body smart, you realize pretty quickly that the perfect, the ideal is not the goal. Instead, the goal is feeling good in your body. That’s what leads to confidence, to feeling and looking fit, and being pretty happy. Doesn’t that sound great? I think so! In almost every interview she gives, Kate Hudson is asked the same questions: What do you eat? How do you stay so fit? What workout do you do? What’s your secret? Well, the secret is that the sound bites the media loves so much don’t tell the story, and the steps you need to take to have a healthy, vibrant and happy life can’t be captured in a short interview. The key to living well, and healthy, is to plug into what your body needs, understanding that one size does not fit all, all the time, and being truly honest with yourself about your goals and desires.Like everyone else, Kate is constantly on the move, with a life full of work, family, responsibilities and relationships. In Pretty Happy, Kate shows how she honors her relationship with herself through exercise, making the right choices about what she eats, and constantly going back to the drawing board and starting fresh, instead of holding herself to unrealistic standards of perfection and giving up when she falls short. Focusing on the Four Pillars of Health to enhance her well-being, Pretty Happy shows the benefits of:Cultivating an Intuitive Relationship With Your Body Eating Well Awakening Your Body through movement The Miracle of MindfullnessFull of questionnaires to help you assess your Body Type and your stress levels, advice about cleanses and keeping your diet and body balanced, and plenty of interactive Drawing Board exercises, Pretty Happy is a beautiful, insightful, and personal look at health from the inside out, an authentic plan for an authentic life from a woman who truly lives what she speaks.“Kate Hudson’s Pretty Happy is a smart, insightful and realistic primer for making healthy habits part of your everyday life. I met Kate in person, and judging by my impression of her, she must be doing things right. From exercise to mindfulness to knowing what your body really needs to thrive, she pushes you to throw away your ideas around perfection and find your own Pretty Happy.”—Alejandro Junger, New York Times bestselling author of Clean, Clean Gut, and Clean Eats“Though it may seem like sporting that signature winning smile is her natural state of being, Kate Hudson’s path to happiness is an active one. She refuses to wait for happy to happen. Instead, Pretty Happy details all the ways she makes it a priority every day. Honoring our bodies with clean eating and smart cleansing, our minds with meditation, our purpose with authenticity, and our fun with spontaneity, playfulness and pole dancing - yes! - this is a hands-on approach to owning our potential. And if you've ever found yourself wondering how she maintains that famous bod, Kate is spilling the beans on that, too in her trademark best friend-who's-been-there style - lucky us!”—Daphne Oz