 
   
    Winner of the 2019 Book Excellence Awards in the Real Estate Category
   
   
    Award Winning Finalist in the Business: Personal Finance / Investing Category of the 2018 Best Book Awards Sponsored by American Book Fest.
   
   
    Honorable Mention in the Business/Sales/Economics category of the Reader Views 2018-2019 Literary Awards program.
   
   
    Award Winning Finalist in the 2019 Next Generation Indie Book Awards (NGIBA).
   
  
  

  
  
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    A No-nonsense real estate investment book for the employee side hustler tired of the 9-5 looking for a practical step-by-step process to build wealth while they work.When the financial crisis erupted in 2008, thousands of people lost jobs they thought they'd always have to sustain their standard of living. For H. J. Chammas, it was a wake-up call to escape the financial uncertainty of a paycheck to paycheck struggle of being an employee. It was time to take charge of his life by investing in rental properties while he was still working. He soon became financially free and went from employee to millionaire real estate investor. In this workbook he brings you the step-by-step processes he used to build his investment property fortune, while working! How Can This Book Help Me?In this detailed guidebook to buying, owning, and managing rental properties, you'll work through step-by-step processes to plan your real estate investing strategy. Instead of promoting foolish risks, he helps you leverage your position as an employee to achieve financial freedom. Learn how to:  evaluate the current state of your finances;  overcome limiting beliefs about money and investing;  set personal objectives to achieve financial freedom; and  think and operate like a seasoned real estate investor.  How Is This Book Different?If you plan on buying, owning, and managing rental properties, you'll get a practical step-by-step plan that you won't find in other books. From identifying and closing deals, getting approved for loans, renting out properties, dealing with tenants, and capitalizing on opportunities, this book will challenge how you've always looked at life, finances, investments, and real estate. Every other book out there is for those already with experience in real estate investing. This book is different because it will give you all the steps you need, regardless, if this is the first time you've considered buying an investment property, or you have just considered rental property investing as a way to build wealth. It shares real-life examples that will help you build a personalized investment blueprint to build your rental property portfolio and become wealthy. 
  
