'Honey and Decadence' by Wendi ZwadukAll work and no play makes life boring…unless there's a dollop of whipped cream and a studded paddle involved. Then it's all fun.Roxy loves her job at the Delight Tonight restaurant, but she longs for more. She’d rather find employment using her accounting skills. Her boss, Sean, has mentioned he’s interested in bringing her on as an accountant. Can she keep her wits about her or will she cave in to the blossoming feelings she has for him?Sean doesn’t date his staff…ever. Except, Roxy makes him rethink his rules. She’s curvy, sexy and one of the few people he trusts. When he’s given the birthday surprise of his life, he knows he wants Roxy in every way.Will getting her into his bed translate into a love to last forever, or a lust and chocolate-filled disaster?'More Than Vanilla' by Elizabeth ColdwellWhen a chocolate shop gets an adult makeover with the help of a Belgian master chocolatier, a kinky couple find their relationship becomes sweeter than ever…Oliver Honeyman owns a chocolate shop in York, a business that has been in his family for over two hundred years, and that he runs with his girlfriend and long-time submissive, Nina Lee. But times are tough, sales are down, and Oliver and Nina know they have to do something to bring Honeyman’s into the twenty-first century and attract new customers.The solution they devise is to introduce a new range of chocolates into the shop, with more unusual and exotic flavours chosen with the help of a very kinky taste test. To help create the new line, Oliver recruits master Belgian chocolatier Daniel Martens. Not only is Daniel incredibly talented, but he’s also just as dominant as Oliver, and Nina is soon learning that the taste of submission is even sweeter when it’s offered to her by two men.But will the move of renaming the shop More Than Vanilla and pitching their products at more adult tastes bring them the change in fortunes they need?'Satisfying Desires' by Victoria BlisseLucas is the only man who can satisfy all her desires.Sally has a broken wrist and is struggling to cope with being off work and home alone. She’s eaten nothing but soup in days and is sick to death of daytime TV. She goes for a walk but is distracted by the delicious smells coming from the local café.The tall and tanned Greek chef, Lucas, wants to look after Sally…and not just by feeding her with his delicious fried foods. He invites her back to enjoy a meal with him alone that night once the café is closed.His special brand of optimism and dominance has Sally bending to his will and begging him for more. Their less than innocent evening meal is finished off by a trip to the bedroom with a pot of chocolate spread because, as Lucas says, the only thing better than a hot naked woman is a hot naked woman covered in chocolate!Reader Advisory: This book contains creative use of fruit and vegetables.'Five Courses' by Ayla RusePaying the price for breaking the rules has never been so delicious.Trent and Mike rule their kitchen like they do their subs—with firm command and guiding strokes. Only they haven’t enjoyed a sub in months, not since Melissa moved in with them. She’s getting over a broken heart and seems so fragile that they don’t want to scare her away.When the men come home from their club early one night, they catch her breaking just about every rule they have in their kitchen. Now the gloves are off.Melissa, trembling under their gaze, is given ten seconds to decide her fate—she can walk away and lose any hope of growing her relationship with these men, or she can stay and submit to their creative punishment for her misdeeds…Reader Advisory: This book contains minor food play, spankings, an erotic version of red-light/green-light, and interesting consequences involving cookies.'Subterfudge' by Normandie AllemanWhen Ashley’s Master requests she cook for him, he finds out the lengths a truly naughty girl will go to for love in the kitchen.When Roger asks his live-in sub Ashley to learn to cook she eagerly agrees, assuming it’s going to be a breeze. After all, she’s a bright, accomplished woman with a successful career—how hard can it be to prepare some food?Once she’s up to her ears in cocoa and flour, Ashley realises cooking is more complicated than it looks. Finding ways to shortcut the process, Ashley dupes Roger into believing she’s a diva in the kitchen. But when he finds out she’s not the chef of his dreams, will he serve up a punishment fit for a saucy sub or will their relationship go up in flames?Reader Advisory: This book contains anal sex, rimming, food play.'The Interview' by Caitlin RicciJacob might be just what Chef Anne needs, not only in her restaurant but in her bed as well. Here’s hoping he likes being tied…Chef Anne is ready to move on from her first restaurant but she’s not going to leave her baby with just anyone. Plenty have applied for the position of executive chef and all have failed miserably. She expects perfection and knows with the right candidate she’ll get just that. A colleague’s request to give his son a chance may be exactly what she needs.Jacob has grown up well from the last time she saw him, now a broad-shouldered hunk that makes her think about far more than simply food. But inviting this young chef into her bed might be more complicated than she bargained for. He’s her colleague’s son, after all. Then again, satisfying appetites is what being a chef is all about, and she does aim to please.If Jacob is as good in bed as he is in the kitchen she might just get a great afternoon and a new executive chef out of it…