I tried to write a non-fiction book once. It didn't sell. Within 15 minutes of reading this book I realized why." Phil Barth  "As an author writing as from experience, Akash's steps are proven and easy to follow." Donna Hook  "I love this book! Akash shows you a step by step [approach] to write a great Kindle book." Jonathan Li, bestselling author of Secrets of the Confident Speaker  "I immediately made some changes [to my book] based on Akash's book." Hazel Wagner  HAVE YOU ALWAYS SECRETLY WANTED TO WRITE A BEST-SELLING BOOK?  Do you feel a rush of excitement when you think about making money from your words on the page?  If so, you're just 15 days away from being able to make this dream into a reality.  80+ PROVEN TIPS &amp; TOOLS TO HELP YOU WRITE A NON-FICTION KINDLE EBOOK THAT SELLS  The prospect of creating and publishing your own book may seem a bit overwhelming. But by following the simple steps outlined below, you will bite off one piece of your project at a time - until you are a published author!  In this step-by-step, day-by-day guide, you will discover how to:  Pick the best niche to maximize your sales  Quickly assess the demand and profitability of your book  Write your first draft - fast!  Craft powerful book titles that generate sales  Outsource your way to an irresistible cover that readers love  Triple your writing speed using simple techniques  Use ninja techniques to find people to review your books on Amazon  Take advantage of Amazon's promotional tools to catapult your book to bestseller status  and lots, lots more...  "The book is well structured and offers excellent tips on not only how to write your book, but also how to promote it (which is the tough part!). It's a lot of work, but it's clear that Akash takes the experience seriously and has success to show for it." Margaret La  "Great book. This book is helping me immensely." John Harry Thomas  "I am using this book to write my second ebook (my first one sold, but not as well as I'd like)...this is going to be just what I needed. I'm already learning techniques I never knew about. Excellent resource..." Paul Cola  ABOUT THE AUTHOR  Akash Karia is an internationally bestselling author who has twice been ranked the #1 Most Popular Business &amp; Money author on Amazon. He earns a healthy passive income through his book sales, selling 100+ Kindle books per day.  In this book, Akash reveals the exact process he uses to create, publish and promote his books so that you too can share your message with the world.  When he is not writing or lazing on the beach with a good book in his hands, Akash travels the world speaking to businesses and governments on the topics of success psychology and peak performance.