 
  The voice was altered.  The painful truth was not.
  Alex gets a call no parent should ever hear. It's a dagger to her heart. But she can't afford to stop.  Forced to carry out the wishes of the captors, Alex has to out-think new scum at every turn. It defiles her, but she'll do anything to get her daughter back. Will it work?  The treacherous journey is never-ending. Her life is threatened, but she brushes it off. The connection to her family member is still strong. But will she ever see her again?  An Amber Alert in San Antonio -- and Ivy Nash intercepts the assailant. But the story behind the story grabs her by the throat. Would a mother actually do such a thing, or is this simply a custody issue?  Two paths intersect, and neither Alex nor Ivy will back down. They must save the lives of these young girls.  The opioid crisis swallows people by the thousands. And those behind it slither around like snakes, using the addicted like they're animals on the end of a leash. Can anyone stop the cycle of abuse?  It all has to stop. One life at a time. One daughter at a time. Alex and Ivy will either succeed or die in the process.  Who will make it out alive?  But in the end, could there be one shining moment?  Get Back AT You now!   Redemption Thriller Series *Suggested to read the books in the following order: Alex Troutt Thrillers: AT Bay - RTS #1 AT Large - RTS #2 AT Once - RTS #3 AT Dawn - RTS #4 AT Dusk - RTS #5 AT Last - RTS #6  Ivy Nash Thrillers: IN Defiance - RTS #7 IN Pursuit - RTS #8 IN Doubt - RTS #9 Break IN - RTS #10 IN Control - RTS #11 IN The End - book 12  Ozzie Novak Thrillers: ON Edge - RTS #13 Game ON - RTS #14 ON The Rocks - RTS #15 Shame ON You - RTS #16 ON Fire - RTS #17 ON The Run - RTS #18  Alex Troutt Thrillers: AT Stake - RTS #19 AT Any Cost - RTS #20 Back AT You - RTS #21 TBD - RTS #22 TBD - RTS #23 TBD - RTS #24  The Scoop By now you're probably aware that the Alex Troutt thrillers, Ivy Nash thrillers, and the Ozzie Novak thrillers are all under the same Redemption Thriller Series umbrella. Why? Because, ultimately, they all connect -- Alex, Ivy, Ozzie. How? That's part of the mystery that I'm slowly unveiling throughout the Redemption Thriller Series.   Through each sub-series, characters from different books appear in the other novels. If it adds suspense, intrigue, or even a good laugh, I've included a cross-over character -- it's a lot more fun that way. Plus -- and here's the real kicker -- the final six novels will bring all of the major characters together -- Alex, Ivy, Ozzie. It will be explosive and gut-wrenching…in a way that will leave you breathless.