All 4 Darcy Brothers books in 1 hot box set!A fake marriage, an office hook-up and a lost email... turn the lives of 3 French aristocrat siblings upside down in this sexy rom-com bundle.Over 700 pages of family secrets, unexpected twists and breathtaking romance.Follow stuck-up Sebastian, bad-boy Raphael and vengeful Noah as each meets his match where he least expects to, and falls madly in love!”Sweet and hot. Certainly a modern-day descendant of P &amp; P”. — Blue Cat Review Blog (July 2017)”A fabulous romantic page turner. ... You will bond with the main characters and their friends and family.” — Author Jena Henry (July 2017)”Pure pleasure.” — Kirkus Reviews (May 2017)The romantic comedies in this box set are:BOOK 1: FIND YOU IN PARISWhat does it take to fall in love with your enemy? a) His private jet. b) His six-pack abs. c) His unsuspected charm.WARNING: Just like in Pride and Prejudice that inspired this book, expect to find one rich and handsome Mr. Darcy and one feisty girl who can't stand him. Unlike Pride and Prejudice, this enemies-to-lovers romance also contains artful nude photos of said Mr. Darcy, a fake marriage, and nights of wild passion in Paris.BOOK 2: RAPHAEL'S FLINGOne bookish assistant. One cocky CEO. One Christmas party that changes everything...GUARANTEED: Belly laughs, hot love scenes, a secret baby and a happy ending for this lust-to-love romance. You'll stay up late to finish this book!BOOK 3: THE PERFECT CATCHWhen brooding goalie Noah meets perky realtor Sophie, sparks fly hot and fast... BEWARE: A dangerously endearing dog, meddling parents, eccentric neighbors, and a crumbling French chateau. ”Sophie and Noah were incredible together. ... Throw in the funny, laugh-out-loud moments, and you have an unputdownable novel!” — My Slanted Bookish Ramblings Blog (March 2017)COMPANION NOVELLA: CLARISSA &amp; THE COWBOY.The heat between archeologist Clarissa and hunky farmer Nathan is explosive. But the worlds they live in couldn’t be further apart…CLARISSA &amp; THE COWBOY is a humorous opposites-attract romance in which Dr. Penelope “Clarissa” Muller from Book 1 takes center stage.Savor the passion of handsome, flawed, irresistible men in this "fun and sexy box set that romance fans will adore" (The Romance Reviews, February 2018)!In addition, you'll save 50% — or 3 KU borrows — over downloading each book individually.➜ Get The Darcy Brothers Box Set now!