There are many ways of crushing the human spirit: few in the workplace know this better than aggressively targeted employees. The National Standard of Canada is an important risk-mitigation tool for ensuring all workplaces are psychologically healthy and safe. About five percent of Canadian employees are targeted by workplace mobbing and can be traumatized by the ganging-up tactics. Mobbing awareness creates empowerment for those targeted, their families, bystanders, all levels of management and business leaders. Extensive research, the survivors' courageous stories and a business case describe the pervasive social and economic impacts. An Inconvenient Whistleblower creates awareness, assists the targeted employees and describes effective actions that reduce the damaging consequences of workplace aggression. You will discover: the contradictions between the respectful workplace policies and the harsh realities of mentally injurious workplaces; how the targeted employees are humiliated, intimidated and often forced out of their workplaces; a transitional process that successfully helps survivors recover from their mobbing experiences; and numerous mental-health protection strategies that improve employee engagement and productivity while reducing preventable social, health care and economic costs. Jean Jones is a workplace mobbing specialist and a passionate advocate for workplace mental health. As well, Jean is a business coach, who will be certified as a Solution-Focused Brief Coach in 2013. Her solution-focused coaching approach empowers clients and reinforces their resourcefulness. Jean received a M.A. at the University of Toronto specializing in organizational change management and business coaching. Previously she directed corporate expansions and project management operations. Prior to change management consulting, Jean directed municipal amalgamation projects, following numerous years of senior municipal administration. For many years, Jean was the administrator, on alternating days, of two municipalities in Central Ontario. She lives in Lindsay, Ontario."