 Join the Warriors in this 5-book bundle!    The Spiritual Warriors-Book 1   Ten years after training with renowned martial arts Master Wu Wei, Dante is sent to attend a special promotion. After participating in the special promotion, Dante finds himself thrust into the hidden world of the Spiritual Warriors, a group of men and women, fighters with special abilities who are trained and dedicated to keeping this plane of existence safe from evil. He discovers that a war has been raging between the Warriors, those sworn to protect this plane of existence from destruction and the Shadows, those who would see it enslaved under the rule of evil.    The Ascendants-Book 2  Ascendants are being killed and the barrier between worlds is failing. Dante, along with a group of Warriors and Guardians must confront the Harbinger. An undying servant of Lucius, a killer who can’t die. His purpose is to destroy the barriers and recapture Maelstrom-a sentient weapon of evil created by his master and wielded by Dante. Can Dante learn how to control Maelstrom before the evil corrupts and kills him? Can the Warriors of the Way stop the Harbinger, and prevent the fall of the barriers before it's too late? Or will Lucius escape and kill them all?    The Fallen Warrior-Book 3  In a nearly fatal ritual, the shadow of Lucius has seared Dante, stripping him of Maelstrom and cutting him off from his chi. Dante, now a fallen warrior must find a way to undo the searing using only his skill and training to face those who want him dead. There are rumors of another weapon. A weapon powerful enough to stand against Maelstrom and Lucius.To find this weapon, Sylk will have to follow the trail of the Mikai back to the Warriors of the Way. Someone is forcing them to kidnap and eliminate the Rah Ven. Someone powerful enough to strike fear in the hearts of the Mikai and control the Black Lotus, who have designated Meja rogue and a traitor, a crime punishable by death. Can Dante undo the searing in time to face Lucius and Maelstrom? Will Sylk find the path to the weapon, discovering who controls the Mikai and the Black Lotus? Will Meja prove her innocence, or fail and be killed?    The Warrior Ascendant-Book 4  The Wheel has unleashed the Kriyas. Creatures of fearsome power that devour life-force. They have been set on a path to destroy anyone who stands in the way of recovering the three foci, weapons of immense power. Dante, having undone the searing must now locate the third foci, Shadowstrike, the only weapon powerful enough to stand against Maelstrom and Lucius. From his prison in the forgotten plane, Lucius now with the power of Maelstrom has been patiently restoring the connection to the Nexus. One more weapon will complete the bridge. Once restored every plane will be in danger of destruction. Dante, together with Sylk and Meja, return to the Akashic Records. There they will seek to uncover the identity of The Wheel. Will they find Shadowstrike, stop the Kriyas, and prevent Lucius from escaping?    The Master Warrior-Book 5  Dante has bonded to Shadowstrike. There is only one problem, the weapon is slowly killing him. The Wheel reveals his plan for dominion and destruction of the planes. In order to face this threat, Dante faces his hardest decision as a warrior. Will he sacrifice his life so that others may live or will he fight for survival?  The Warriors of the Way is an action filled mix of martial arts, magic and mayhem.