Seven Days for Seven Souls (Day 1 of 7)“I was given a second chance in death.Vengeance was offered and I was quick to accept."A man with no name has returned to the brutal town of Oasis. Ten years it has been since the Stranger ran this town with malice and harshness. Even then, there was hope for his soul. His wife and daughter were on the verge of turning him from wickedness. But they were murdered, and so was he. Now he has returned, hell-bent on killing. "THE UNTAMED promises to be an epic tale, conceived and crafted not only with a great love of comics, but also a profound understanding of the power of visionary storytelling."- CLIVE BARKER (Hellraiser) “Sebastian A. Jones is like the Robert E. Howard of our generation. THE UNTAMED is like Solomon Kane mixed with Kill Bill, only shrouded with more mystery and twice the action."- CAMERON HATHEWAY (Bleeding Cool)"What's not to love about Jones and Bertging's The Untamed: it's a Sergio Leone, Frank Frazetta, William Blake fever dream mash-up. And that's just where it begins!"- LLOYD LEVIN (Watchmen, Hellboy, Boogie Nights) "Sebastian A. Jones' THE UNTAMED is what we fantasy fans have been starving for -- a completely original dark and gritty thriller set in a brutal world that delivers on all levels."- ANDREW COSBY (Co-Founder of BOOM! Studios, 2 Guns, Creator of Eureka) "A haunting revenge saga amongst the dunes of Asunda. Jones weaves grim poetry through the Stranger's bloody mission, elevating the simple tale to grave myth.”- PAUL MONTGOMERY (iFanboy) "Peter's one of my favorite working artists today. Fluid storytelling with an eye for acting and mood."- RICK REMENDER (Fear Agent, Punisher) Hidden within the Desert of the Dying Tree lies a town run by ruthless killers, a growing cancer upon the vast and volatile fantasy world of Asunda. Some say it’s a watering hole for the Devil. For one man, it’s a second chance at revenge… and a last chance at redemption.Would you damn yourself to save the ones you love?The Untamed: A Sinner's Prayer is set in the dark fantasy world of Asunda. Asunda was created by Stranger Comics founder and president Sebastian A. Jones over a 20 year period. A true labor of love, Asunda is unlike any other fantasy setting in existence. Developed in coordination with Stranger’s art director, anthropologist Darrell May, Asunda features an honest and oftentimes beautifully violent and savage approach to the medieval sword and sorcery genre, one where the world is exactly that... an entire world, filled with a variety of races which have evolved to suit their environment, not a decades old preconception of what elves and dwarves should be or how they should appear. If you like your fantasy with a touch of Sergio Leone, The Untamed is for you. If you think Clint Eastwood, Toshiro Mifune, or Richard Roundtree would have made bad ass elves, The Untamed is for you. If you want to see a wicked man return from the dead to choose between revenge and redemption... then The Untamed is definitely for you.