Librarian's note: This is an alternate cover edition for ASIN: B00GR5990E.MASTERS AT ARMS begins the journey of three men, each on a quest for honor, acceptance, and to ease his unspoken pain. Their paths cross at one of the darkest points in their lives. As they try to come to terms with the aftermath--forging an unbreakable bond--will they ever truly become masters of their own fates? Or would fate become master of them?NOBODY'S ANGEL: Marc d’Alessio might co-own a private kink club with his fellow military veterans, Adam and Damian, but he keeps all women at a distance. When Marc rescues Angelina Giardano from a disastrous first experience at his club, however, an uncharacteristic attraction leaves him torn between his safe, but lonely world, and a possible future with his angel.Angelina leaves the club behind only to have her dreams plagued by the Italian angel in a wolf mask who rescued her. When she meets Marc at a bar in her hometown, she can’t shake the feeling she knows him, but has no idea why he reminds her of her angel. While trying to protect Angelina from her abusive ex, though, Marc once again finds her at the Masters at Arms Club where she turns his safe, controlled world upside down.ABOUT THE RESCUE ME SAGA: The books in the ongoing Rescue Me Saga are not stand-alone stories and should be read in order, beginning with the books in this volume. Characters will recur in later books to deal with old and new issues in their lives as the saga continues, and each book builds upon all previous ones. Sometimes main characters even need another book to help resolve deep-seated issues affecting their relationships.BONUS MATERIAL in this version: Kallypso Masters has added the PLAYLIST of music that inspired her as she wrote about the first three couples mentioned in this combined volume, as well as a GLOSSARY OF TERMS and a CAST OF CHARACTERS in these books in the saga.CONTENT WARNING: Readers with a history of abuse are warned that, due to the emotional way in which the author presents the subject matter (past and present), the books might cause triggers while reading. Please read the Author's Notes at the beginnings of each book before reading further. The books in this saga are intended for mature adult readers who are not offended by profanity and graphic sex scenes. Note, however, that this saga is NOT erotica. The primary focus is on the development of the characters and the unfolding of their life stories.