
  Forbidden love, breathtaking action, and terrifying magic, perfect for fans of Sarah J. Maas and Leigh Bardugo!
 A huntress with no past.  A rival with a secret.  A kingdom’s fate hangs in the balance . . . 
  
Ayleth and her shade move as one, ever hungry for the hunt. Under her mentor’s tight control, she fears her memories are being stolen. Now nineteen, apprenticed for as long as she can remember to the mysterious Holy Order, she longs to rise in the ranks and banish untamed spirits for the prophesied Golden Prince.When shadowy threats descend on the crown, Ayleth seizes a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to prove her worth in open competition. Seeking to win the prince’s favor and escape her scheming mentor, she resolves to hold her own against Terryn, a handsome, arrogant opponent who may be more than a match for her untested powers.But as the two rivals follow a trail beyond the Great Barrier and confront legendary evil, the stolen secrets of Ayleth’s past may return to haunt her . . .Can Ayleth win the trial and reclaim her true self? Can she even survive her first day?
  

  
    Daughter of Shades
  
   is the first breathtaking book in The Venatrix Chronicles YA fantasy series. If you like kick-butt heroines, intriguing worlds of magic, and slow-burn romance then you’ll love Sylvia Mercedes’s action-packed story.

  Buy Daughter of Shades today, and journey into a vivid medieval world of honor and deception, rivalry and love, valiant hunters and malevolent spirits from another realm . . .
  

  
  
Praise for Song of Shadows, the prequel to The Venatrix Chronicles:"I loved the world Sylvia created, especially the magic system, which was unlike anything I'd read before. Can't wait to read on!" - USA Today Bestselling Author Claire Luana ★★★★★
  
"Mark my words, Sylvia Mercedes is an author to watch . . . The Venatrix Chronicles is going to be one seriously addicting series." - L. Danvers, Author of the Fate Abandoned Series ★★★★★
  
"As a librarian, I would recommend this initial entry to my readers of YA fantasy, particularly fans of Sarah Maas and Cassandra Clare, and on a personal note I'm recommending it to my husband who enjoys Brandon Sanderson and Patrick Rothfuss." - Laura Freer, librarian and Goodreads Reviewer ★★★★★
  
"I loved this book. The story, the world-building (wow the world-building) and the characters. Ms. Mercedes has launched a truly fabulous first book and I want more." - Emily Ling, Goodreads Reviewer ★★★★★