 He's a Hollywood bad boy. She's a cowgirl with an attitude. Gasoline, meet fire.JAMEYI survived bouts with amateurs and pro fighters both in and out of the ring.I survived the sharks, the divas and the paparazzi in Hollywood.I survived the foster care system growing up in Chino.But there's a good chance I won't survive this month.What was I thinking signing a contract to play the lead in a western? A western! With horses!My sexy AF instructor could make the required riding lessons enjoyable, if she didn't hate me on sight.As it stands, the damn woman might actually be trying to kill me . . . and yet here I am, back for another lesson.MAISIEMen are trouble. Good looking bad boys are extra trouble.That goes for my ex, and definitely for my new student, self-centered movie star Jamey Garret.The man's messing with my head--I mean my herd.If I weren't a single mom with dreams of something better, Mr. Heartthrob would be out of here.But for the amount he's paying me to teach him to look as good on horseback as he does everywhere else, I can keep it professional for a month.The disruption he brings to my life is only temporary. I know as fast as he appeared, he will move on to the next woman in a long line, and good riddance.At least my head knows that. It's the rest of my body I'm having trouble convincing.Don't miss Hot SEAL in Hollywood in the Hot SEALs series where readers first meet Jamey Garret! You first met Jamey Garret as actress Sierra Cox's co-star in Hot SEAL in Hollywood, when Hot SEAL Rick and he have an epic disagreement that turns into a high action bromance. Now Jamey gets his own happy ever after in HERO FOR HIRE!  HOT SEALs Night with a SEAL-Jon Saved by a SEAL-Zane SEALed at Midnight-Thom Kissed by a SEAL-Chris Protected by a SEAL-Rick Loved by a SEAL-Brody Tempted by a SEAL-Mack Wed to a SEAL-Rocky Romanced by a SEAL-Jon/Ali Rescued by a Hot SEAL-Grant Betting on a Hot SEAL-Dawson Escape with a Hot SEAL-Thom/Ginny Matched with a Hot SEAL-Will SEAL the DEAL-Zane/Missy Hot SEAL in Hollywood-Rick/Sierra  FOR HIRE a Hot SEALs series spin-off Billionaire for Hire-Brent Hot Chick for Hire-Chelsea Spy for Hire-Tristan Hero For Hire-Jamey”  