Now available for free on Kindle Unlimited!Erotic, Passionate, Sexy and Hot!From Global Jele Publishing: Giulia Napoli, has outdone herself with this unusually sensual, titillating drama which proves that intense erotica can have a great plot and deeply-developed characters. It’s the story of the beautiful, young American woman, Claire, who evolves into a stunning, sophisticated, continental enchantress in Europe, and who finally becomes a unique, exotic, ravishingly-sexual creature in an extraordinary setting in the Middle East. “Oh Claire!” tells of Claire’s growing relationship with Elliot, the urbane, cosmopolitan, confident man who centers her life - from intense passion to steadily developing true love - amid fierce sexual desire and personal change. Claire becomes the “every woman” that other women strive to be: a dedicated lover and exciting companion to the particular man who is the focus of her desire.The novel’s locations are so well-presented that you’ll feel you’ve been to them. The scenes of lovemaking and passion will draw you in and excite you. The characters’ development will capture your heart. “Oh Claire!” will deliver you to places of charm, delight and erotic bliss to which you’ve never been, but for which you’ve always longed.“Oh Claire!” spans the universe of sensuality and sexuality including fetishes, piercing, tattooing and body modification, BDSM, sensory deprivation, submission, punishment, dominance, riveting heterosexuality and tasteful bisexuality. The erotica is woven through a solid story of growing love and personal evolution. The reader is treated to a detailed, deeply-moving look inside the minds of the characters and gets to know them at a depth rarely seen in erotica.“Oh Claire!” is an adult story containing open discussions and scenes of intense sexuality, a wide-range of erotic and sexual practices, and descriptions of fetishes, body modification, and submission which some readers may find too intense.But many of you will find “Oh Claire!” to be a superb book that you’ll want to read again and again.“Oh Claire!” is a full-length erotic novel at well-over 100,000 words. This is not a $3.00, 5000 word rip-off. Oh Claire!, is a big, erotic novel, now available for free, if you have Kindle Unlimited." If not, it's still only $4.99, for a fun, sexy, gripping full-length novel, well written and well-edited. JUST TRY IT! YOU'LL SEE!