Cap is the continuation of Sebastian and Maggie's story from the series For The Love Of A Good Woman and the second book in the Reed Security Series. The Reed Security Series must be read in order.  “Well, I could try, but with my sciatica flaring up, I wouldn’t get very far. Besides, Harry knows exactly where to touch to get rid of the pain,” she winked at him. “Eww. I forgot how much I hated hearing you two flirt.” “If that fella of yours ever ties you down, you’ll be us someday; humping like rabbits on your neighbors bed when she’s out of town because you just can’t help yourself.” He pulled Aggie over onto his lap and did something under the table that I didn’t want to think about. She squealed and batted at his chest. “Oh, Harry. You’re such a devil.” I looked back at my room and shivered in disgust. “I slept in that bed last night.” They didn’t hear me as they continued to flirt with each other. “Dear, when the urge strikes at our age, you take it. Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you’re gonna get or how long it’s going to last.” “That’s... sweet, Harry. I didn’t know you had it in you.” “Just telling it like it is, girlie. Speaking of the urge striking, I think we’d better leave, Aggie, or Maggie is going to see a bit more than she wants to. This robe doesn’t conceal much.” Cap My attraction to Maggie has never been the problem. Her inability to ask for help and stick around long enough to receive it is. Maggie is the type of woman that every man wants. She's independent, smart as a whip, sassy, and stunningly beautiful. But all those things don't make a relationship work and if I can't figure out how to keep her, I'll have more to worry about than the arms dealer that's trying to kill us. Maggie I've been wondering for the last year where my relationship with Sebastian is going. I picked up and moved my whole life to be with him, but then we never talked about more. I don't know how much more I can take of always feeling like I'm just the live-in girlfriend. When he suggests taking a break, it starts to sound like an awfully good idea, especially now that I don't want him to find out my secret, one that I hope he never finds out. The problem is, Cap never gives up without a fight.