There's true power in binding. Too bad it's super weird...Evangeline's goal of surviving long enough to reclaim House Sinister is getting tougher every day, but the teachings given to her by Garrick forces her to take risks she would otherwise avoid.The Black Ops Paranormal Police Department has learned that Salem is in charge of the local mob, and they've been tasked with assassinating him. That sounds easy enough on the face of it, but Salem is no fool. Getting to the top of a crime syndicate is not easy, and he's protected himself nicely. Plus, he's loaded with trigger-happy goons who rather enjoy inflicting pain and death.To make matters worse, there's only one way Eve can build the strength needed to destroy Salem. She'll have to bind with Kayson. The problem is that there hasn't been a hellion bound with a hellwolf since the Old War, over one hundred years ago. That means they have no clue how to manage their new situation, and it's not like there's a user's manual.But they need the power.And they'll need even more than that, if they're to succeed. Seeing that Eve can't let the innocents of Los Angeles fall under the oncoming rash of drugs planned by Salem and his goons, she binds with Kayson and the world immediately changes.Unfortunately, there's a particular hellion named Andras who happens to also have his eye on Salem's enterprise. Seeing it as the perfect stepping stone for allowing him to finally kill Eve, he makes his move against the Los Angeles crime boss at the same time as the Black Ops PPD.So what happens when two hellions want the same thing, and both are willing to do anything to get it?All hell breaks loose, of course...If you like BR Kingsolver, Shannon Mayer, Jayne Faith, or Shayne Silvers...you're in for one hell of a ride with the action-packed, adrenaline-pumping, snark-loaded world of Sinister, created by bestselling authors John P. Logsdon and Christopher P. Young.The Paranormal Police Department has delighted thousands of readers with action, adventure, outrageous (and often offensive) comedy, and tons of snark. Grab your badge and join the legion of fans who keep begging for more...What readers are saying about the Sinister and the Black Ops PPD:★★★★★ ‘Snarky dialogue! Inventive invective! Action and a strong plot!’★★★★★ ‘An excellent read, an excellent new series and a new heroine. What more could you ask for?’★★★★★ ‘This book was a bit of a change from the standard PPD books. It gave a much more intimate look to the politics and life in the Badlands, but also introduced a new way of looking at the interactions between Hellion Houses. It still has much of the humor and snark that the PPD series is known for, but these new elements add just a little more.’★★★★★ ‘The authors do a skillful job of presenting this fresh and riveting take on the urban fantasy genre with an interesting, independent and highly skilled hero who is a badass at kicking ass.’★★★★★ ‘Evangeline is an amazing character. This book draws you into a world that is uniquely different than our regular earth yet it is has interesting parallels to the world she came from. She is one kickass survivor that gives gives lessons in how to be able to live and understand yourself.’Logsdon and his team of rockin' co-authors has brought laughs to hundreds of thousands of readers over various book series. The goal is simple: write stories for mature people who harbor seriously immature thoughts...