Genre: An Erotic Romantic Suspense Novel Series: CSA Case Files  Is it possible to renew one’s faith in love?  Injury ended former Marine Kevin Dreier’s enlistment much too soon, leaving him with unwanted pins and screws in his right leg to serve as a constant reminder of what he’d lost. Being a team member of Crest Security Agency, however, gives him a sense of purpose and accomplishment. The determination that makes him good at his job is the same drive he’ll need to win over the woman he wants in his life.  Taking charge of her destiny, Elle Reyes has spent the last year working hard to make something of herself. She’s found a reputable place to live, saved a little money, and even secured a managing position at a club. She’s finally safe, content, and in need of nothing more, but she knows she wouldn’t have been able to turn her life around without Kevin’s assistance.  When Kevin loses a family member, Elle is convinced this is her chance of returning a favor and repaying a debt. Accompanying him to visit his family and offer support, she is faced with the reality that warm and loving homes are real. She’s torn between what she knows to be the truth and the tempting hope that something more exists.  Upon their return, Kevin’s current case crosses paths with Elle’s past. Secrets and lies encircle them as a killer ups the stakes in a cat and mouse game meant for only one winner. When time runs out, Kevin intends to be the last man standing — in life and love.  Publisher's Note: This book contains explicit sexual content, graphic language, and situations that some readers may find objectionable (anal play, strong BDSM theme and elements, violence). Not intended for those under the age of 18.  Series Description:  Crest Security Agency (CSA) is run by Gavin Crest, a retired Marine Master Sergeant. He has personally selected his own former military team members, both men and women, to configure a seamless Special Operations Capable (SOC) unit. Working together on investigations, domestically and abroad, each team member will find their niche in life and love. Follow along as Kennedy Layne conveys each of their stories as they work together on investigations that lead them down perilous paths of passion, intrigue and suspense… 