 Untold miles of lawless, apocalyptic roads wait for our feet "This is Safe Haven Refugee Camp. Can anyone hear me? …hello? Is anyone out there?The end of the world has given us a harsh, merciless existence, where nature tries hard to push mankind to the very brink of extinction. Everything is against us, between us... Untold miles of lawless, apocalyptic roads wait for our feet, and the future, cold and dark, offers little comfort. Without change, there can be no peace. Only survivors.”From dangerous trips into dark, apocalyptic cities, to patriotic rescues and furious revelations, Life After War is an action-packed fantasy series where those left alive must come to terms with their mistakes in the old world, while fighting for a place in the new one. Life After War. Magic and Reality blended into a post-apocalyptic fantasy series that you won't ever forget. Summary in 20 words or less: An action adventure quest, with a supernatural romance, and many other subplots, set during the aftermath of the apocalypse. What can you expect to discover in this fantasy series?  
   The End of the World, up close and full of apocalyptic horror. 
   A government conspiracy that caused the apocalypse. 
   An adventure into the wastelands to find family, supplies, and safety. 
   A supernatural romance with a dangerous secret about a child's parentage and a love strong enough to survive nuclear armageddon. 
   An invasion, ambushes, attacks from nature and man-guns and magic! 
   A refugee camp with very different laws, picking up those who have survived. 
   A hero you will love, even as you ponder the secrets that could lose him leadership. 
   A witch, a doctor, a government storm tracker, a star, and three Marines struggling to keep their people alive and together as they prepare to defend themselves against Cesar's slavers. 
   A constant battle for survival that includes deadly trips into decaying American cities, insanity, relics of the past, and ghosts that stalk their every move. 
  Note from the Author: This book has now gone through multiple editors since the release in 2010: The total I have spent is more than 3K, just for the file you are about to read. If there are still mistakes, I apologize.