Do you suffer with fear for no good reason? Do you experience stress when you should be relaxed? Do you live with a low mood which has no obvious cause? These are common symptoms of Anxiety and Depression. This book is here to help.  You Can Fix Your Anxiety – A Power Guide To Eliminating Stress, Anxiety, And Depression, is a compassionate, professional guide to recovery, written by a therapist who has been successfully treating anxious and depressed people for the last thirteen years. His interest is more than academic however. The author, John Crawford, suffered himself with severe anxiety and depression for almost a decade, before going on to help others. He says, “My recovery took much longer than it needed to because I didn’t have the understanding I needed, despite searching high and low. I wrote this book to be the book I wished I’d had then.”  With well over twenty years of personal and professional experience, John sets out with great conviction, encouragement, and clarity, everything you need to know about how to eliminate stress, anxiety, and depression from your life, once and for all. It’s not a quick fix manual. Nor is it a book full of hype, or wild promises. It is a practical, real-world, user-friendly guide, which will walk you step by step through the process of how to fix your anxiety and depression, at the deepest level, from the ground up.  This book will: -  - Explain the scientific, evolutionary reasons that stress, anxiety, and depression exist. - Explore the two sides of the brain: emotional and intellectual. - Explain why the emotional brain can create symptoms of depression, stress, panic attack, anger, phobias, and the dreaded anxiety attack. - Identify the alarming symptoms of stress and anxiety, and explain why they occur. - Show you how to create an empowered mind-set for proper recovery, and avoid energy-zapping, time-wasting wrong turns. - Help you to understand why “quick fixes” are rarely permanently successful - the important difference between “curing” and “healing”. - Give you a clear understanding of the roles of therapy, medication, and self-help. - Explore the importance of love, compassion, consistency, and unconditional support. - Highlight why love, skills, and resources, are crucial stress management tools. - Show you how to stop beating yourself up about being stressed, anxious, or depressed. - Teach you how to self-soothe and end the “fear of fear” stalemate. - Explain why eight little words are so important! - Explain why your nervous system is an anxiety-collecting bucket, and show you how to empty it. - Help you identify the language of fear you use in your internal dialogue, and change it! - Explore some of the basic principles and strategies used in Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT). - Show you how to accurately identify your “needs” using “the miracle question”, and create change with minimum resistance. - How to recognise what may be holding you back from healing. - Explain why the word “no” is important for you, and how and why to be more assertive when necessary. - Provide you with easy, practical, stress-reduction tools which really work. - Give you download access to one of John’s professionally recorded relaxation MP3’s (worth the book price alone!) - Explain hypnotherapy, and instruct you in the safe, effective use of self-hypnosis. - Discuss how to support your brain and body during your recovery. - Look at the main obstacles to resolving depression, and how to move past them.