A Valentine’s Collection of Sexy Short Stories by Six NYT Bestselling AuthorsA Rock Chick Valentine by Kristen Ashley Indy Savage fell in love with Lee Nightingale at the age of five. Lee claimed Indy a lot later. Now they’re married, with children, have not yet been out on a date…and it’s Valentine’s Day. Lee’s so busy being a badass, he’s forgotten. So what’s a Rock Chick to do? Take matters in her own hands. Not to mention, hold a grudge, but still plan a sex-a-thon. Revisit the couple that started the Rock Chick series with A Rock Chick Valentine!Once Upon A Red-Hot Kiss by Lauren BlakelyEveryone knows friends are off-limits in the sack. A man needs to stay far away from falling into bed with his best friend. Even if she’s sexy as sin, sweet as candy, and damn near irresistible every single day. But not only are Macy and I best friends, we’re also complete opposites. She’s perky, upbeat, outgoing and I’m . . . how shall we say . . . a little bit broody. Then Valentine’s Day comes around, that dreaded holiday that I hate and she loves, and it seems Macy is determined to make me change my mind. Determined as in she’s decked out in red, lacy lingerie, a naughty grin, and a head full of dirty ideas. I just might need to revise all my rules on friends in bed.Seaside Serenade by Melissa Foster They say opposites attract, but for former boxing champ and gym owner Brock Garner, having the beautiful dark-haired, tattooed, combat-boot wearing pixie Cree Redmond flitting around his club has nearly driven him mad. Brock has wanted her since the first time he saw her, and when he learns she has the singing voice of an angel, it speaks to another part of his heart and he’s unwilling to hold back any longer. But Cree’s dating a burly biker and is firmly off-limits. Or so he thinks…Shadows of You by J. Kenner For two long years, Stark Security agent Denise Marshall has been alone, mourning her missing husband. But everything changes on Valentine’s Day when she encounters a mysterious man who seems to understand her deepest desires.Dirty Sweet Valentine by Laurelin PaigeAmy’s not much for holidays invented to celebrate an emotion she hasn’t felt for years. Not since Harrison Steele left. But on February 14th, he’s back. And it seems that Cupid’s arrow is still lodged firmly in her heart. The Bedroom Experiment by Kendall Ryan When your stepbrother is a hot hockey stud with more notches in his bedpost than, well anyone, he’s the perfect candidate to help you gain a little bedroom experience. At least that's my plan this V-day.