A New York Times Best Seller: currently the #23 Best Seller on the NY Times nonfiction e-book list, and #5 on the IndieReader.com Best Seller list. "Wise Men & Other Stories: Lessons from the Holidays on Santa, God, Heaven, Death & More Fun Stuff from Someone Who Still Has a Lot to Learn" is a collection of holiday-related essays that blends humor and poignancy in the tradition of Robert Fulghum, Dave Barry, Bill Bryson, P.J. O'Rourke and other great American humorists. "This collection started with 'Wise Men,'" says O'Mary. "It was a story from my childhood about a poor kid from my old neighborhood and the lesson I learned when we were both cast as wise men in the school play." That story was published in newspapers across the nation and broadcast on National Public Radio's "Morning Edition" program, and so began a tradition of holiday essays from Mike O'Mary. Over the years, the essays in this collection were read as part of "Morning Edition" on Northern Illinois Public Radio, and published in the Sunday magazines of the Chicago Tribune, Denver Post, Rocky Mountain News, Baltimore Sun, Cleveland Plain Dealer, Detroit Free Press and elsewhere. Along the way, O'Mary developed a cult following for his holiday stories. Enjoy this priceless collection of humorous and thoughtful stories this holiday season -- and for many holidays to come.--Praise for Wise Men and Other Stories:"O'Mary is a master at taking the ordinary and allowing us to see the extraordinary. He illuminates what we many times miss in the fog of our hurried, modern-day lives." David Berner, Any Road Will Take You There"Indie Reader Approved! If you feel in need of some warm-hearted philosophical companionship, and a bit of holiday reflection on what really matters, this book is good company. 4.5 Stars." Catherine Langrehr, IndieReader.com"Perfect at Christmas or any time. Twenty-three short essays that will make you laugh, make you think, make you glad to be human." Julie Rember, editor, Saying Goodbye to the People, Places, and Things in Our Lives"This collection is a treasure. O'Mary writes poignantly about making ice cream out of snow, his sister being placed in an orphanage, and competing against the national Scrabble champion. The outstanding pieces are about a school play, and a moving story about a Christmas drive with his daughter." Stephen Parrish, The Tavernier Stones "Poignant, Perceptive and Powerful. A collection of charming and touching stories full of personal insights." Peggy A., Amazon Top 1000 Reviewer"Moving without being saccharine. My favorite book on my Kindle!" Guybrarian, Chattanooga, TN"Sweet and sincere." The Sociable Hermit