One book. Two stories. A demigod and a half-demon are about to get married. Which means a week of festivities, romance, fun, and the kind of crazy drama wolf shifters are known for. When someone targets the Stavros pack, everyone bands together to fight an unknown enemy and two couples will fight for their chance at happily ever after.She’s not looking for a mate…Rhea is a warrior. She’s bled and fought for the Stavros wolf pack for over a hundred years. She never expected to fall for the Alpha of a dragon clan. But when her past comes back to haunt her, she finds herself working side by side with the very man whose been staring in all her fantasies. She never wants to get mated because she’ll never risk getting someone she cares for killed. Not again. So she convinces herself that they have something fun and easy, no strings attached.But he’s playing for keeps…Conall, Alpha of the Petronilla clan, has been biding his time claiming his future mate. At fifteen hundred years old he’s patient and cunning. Except when he’s around Rhea, years of civilization are stripped away and all he wants to do is possess her, make her his forever. But something happened in the stubborn woman’s past and she’s determined to keep walls between them. It’s a good thing he’s a dragon. He’ll just burn down every last barrier between them and claim what’s his. But someone from her past is threatening her and her pack—and the life of the woman he’s waited a lifetime to make his own.* * *Shifters, vampires and dragons are real…A year ago Liberty had no idea that things that go bump in the night actually existed. But supernatural beings are real. And that’s just the tip of the iceberg in her new reality. Saved from a Hell realm by a team of half-demons and a demigod, she finds herself falling for her sexy rescuer Rory more and more every day. She’s worried she’s too broken to ever have a relationship again, but the more time they spend together, the harder it is to deny her attraction.And when they choose a mate, they don’t give up easily.Half-wolf, half-demon Rory has been looking out for Liberty ever since rescuing her from hell. And since she’s the wedding planner for his half-brother’s wedding, he sees her all the time. Not to mention he just happens to spend every night in her bed. Unfortunately he’s in wolf form when he stays over. He’s not sure what it’s going to take to move from friend to more, but he’s willing to wait forever if that’s what it takes. Because Liberty is worth fighting for, and he’ll do whatever it takes to make the brave survivor his.