Cherry Ames is back, just as you remember her! The books are just as you remember them, retaining the same look, feel, and sense of adventure and patriotism as when they were first published. With fully illustrated color covers and a soft-finished hardcover format just like the originals, these books will transport you back to the days when you were reading about this spunky young nurse. Series editor and registered nurse Harriet Forman was inspired by, and remains a devoted fan of, Cherry Ames: "...I was going to follow in her footsteps and become a nurse--nothing else would do."Cherry has finally been discharged from the Army and is back to civilian life. What should she do next after her intense years of Army nursing? Dr. Joe finds her a job as the private nurse of a celebrated musician suffering from a dangerous heart condition. How can Cherry help him avoid the deadly stress his devoted sister unintentionally causes when she visits fortuneteller after fortuneteller? Will their family secret be revealed? Springer Publishing Company is delighted to be bringing Helen Wells's beloved heroine back into print for a new generation of younger readers (as well as a host of nostalgic older ones). The books are available as beautifully rendered facsimile hardcover editions and in boxed sets of four. We intend to have all of the Helen Wells books back in print by early 2008. Below is our reissue schedule:Cherry Ames, Student Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Senior Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Army Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Chief Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Boxed Set 1-4 (published)Cherry Ames, Flight Nurse (published)Cherry Ames,Veterans' Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Private Duty Nurse (published) Cherry Ames, Visiting Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Boxed Set 5-8 (published)Cherry Ames, Cruise Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Boarding School Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Department Store Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Camp Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Boxed Set 9-12 (published)Cherry Ames, At Hilton Hospital (published)Cherry Ames, Island Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Rural Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Staff Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Boxed Set 13-16 (published)Cherry Ames, Companion Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, Jungle Nurse (published)Cherry Ames, The Mystery in the Doctor's Office (published)Cherry Ames, Ski Nurse Mystery (published)Cherry Ames, Boxed Set 17-20 (published) Click here for more information regarding the Cherry Ames SetClick here to read about Cherry Ames in The New York Times!