Alt Cover ISBN: 9780620527064Growing up sheltered, Rosa Lee Almaida lived a carefree life after both she and her mother experienced a horrific ordeal on the seas, and in the middle of Africa, when she was only four years. Meeting her adoptive father was the only joyful and good experience as a result thereof; the man honored by all sailors on land and sea for his bravery and unconditional love. He was her hero, and a model for her future husband-to-be. Now, twenty years later, she is forced to return to the seas that claimed the lives of many, including her birth father.Abducted from her parents’ castle in Portugal, Rosa Lee became the Falcon’s ransom―a brutal pirate king on the island of Madagascar―in exchange for her younger brother Pedro’s life. It was here she met the Falcon’s son, Roberto de Ville, a man equally fierce, albeit with a hidden agenda. Reliving her past during the voyage, she found herself admiring the pirate for his leadership and skills, but would she be able to look past his exterior to see the man for who he really was? Through the inscriptions her parents left in their diaries, she made a choice to save her life. But in an unexpected turn of events, she had to trust him unconditionally, believing that her life would be spared when she gave herself over to the love and intimacy for the man she craved.Taking Rosa Lee from Portugal, Roberto takes her to the Falcon on the Isle of St. Mary. From stories recounted by her brother, he came to one conclusion; she would be his. Throughout their time together, he came to admire Rosa Lee for her bravery during a daring escape, which reinforced his belief that she was the woman he’d waited for all his life. Roberto was more than willing to set his life as a pirate aside, but first a plan had to be set in motion―one that would change his live forever. However, he could trust only one man, Pierre, his second in command, to assist him in seeing his plan to the end.Ultimately, the end result shocked Rosa Lee, and an important lesson was learned: Never judge a book by its cover.Author’s note: A Pirate’s Wife contains love scenes and foul language, due to its portrayal of both real events and people. Parental guidance of 16 is advised.