Discover the magic of New York Times bestseller Melissa Foster's writing and see why millions of readers have fallen in love with the Love in Bloom series. Seaside Summers is a series of stand-alone steamy romances with beautifully flawed and fiercely loyal, alpha heroes and smart, sassy heroines.  Friendships and family abound during this fun-filled weekend of love, laughter, and happily ever afters! Spend the evening catching up with your favorite Seaside characters in this Valentine's Day celebration and fall in love with the newest Seaside couple, Brock and Cree!  What's more romantic than finding your forever love on Valentine's Day?  They say opposites attract, but for former boxing champ and gym owner Brock Garner, having the beautiful dark-haired, tattooed, combat-boot wearing pixie Cree Redmond flitting around his club has nearly driven him mad. Brock has wanted Cree since the first time he saw her, and when he learns she has the singing voice of an angel, it speaks to another part of his heart and he's unwilling to hold back any longer. But Cree's dating a burly biker and is firmly off-limits. Or so he thinks…  SEASIDE SERENADE is a USA Today bestseller and part of the Seaside Summers series and the Love in Bloom big-family romance collection. All Love in Bloom stories are filled with family, fun, and the truest, deepest love of all. Characters from each sub-series appear in future books so you never have to leave your favorite characters behind. Readers are kept up to date with engagements, weddings, and births. Visit Melissa's website for FREE Love in Bloom first-in-series, family trees, series checklists, and more.  Love in Bloom Big-Family Romance Collection:  Snow Sisters The Bradens (at Weston) The Bradens (at Trusty) The Bradens (at Peaceful Harbor) The Bradens &amp; Montgomerys (Pleasant Hill - Oak Falls) The Remingtons The Ryders Seaside Summers Bayside Summers Wild Billionaires After Dark Bad Billionaires After Dark Tru Blue and The Whiskeys Harborside Nights 