 ‘I will never forget the night I drowned…’  A village with something to hide.  Seventeen-year-old Eleanor Parker wakes up cold and alone in the river that twists through her quiet village. She has no memory of how she got there. But she does know that another girl was drowned in the same river the summer before, held under the water by an unknown killer…  A community torn apart.  Eleanor is a normal, every day teenager. She argues with her mum, spends her days with her best friend, and is looking forward to a carefree summer of sunshine and music. Who would want to hurt her?  A shocking secret.  Determined to unlock the mystery of what really happened to her, Eleanor can't escape the feeling that something awful links her to the previous summer's murder. But will she find out the truth before it’s too late?  A gripping and extraordinary coming of age novel that will make you question everything and keep you guessing until the very end. Perfect for fans of We Were Liars, Looking for Alaska by John Green and hit TV show Riverdale.  What readers are saying about Kerry Wilkinson:  ‘Wow this had me captivated! I could hardly put the book down… OMG that ending!… stunning... I had to get my breath back at the end!' Bonnie's Book Talk, 5 stars  ‘Another book to get excited about!... fast-paced, gripping and there are so many red herrings it was hard to keep up... Another big thumbs up to Mr Wilkinson!’ Stardust Book Reviews, 5 stars  ‘Yet again, what a fantastic book by Kerry Wilkinson. His books just get better and better… This book will keep you gripped right till the end. WOW what an ending… I just loved it. If I could give it more than 5 stars I would.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘The story was impossible to put down and I know that it is one I will read again. This is another exceptional stand-alone book from Kerry Wilkinson.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘A gripping, riveting, page-turner that had me hooked from the first sentence right through to the unexpected, ‘omg’ final page.’ Nicki’s Life of Crime, 5 stars  ‘I loved it… was consistently excellent… Thoroughly recommended, 10/10.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars  ‘Thoroughly gripping, I really didn't have a clue what was going on… It's a sign of a great thriller writer when the writer can leave you that utterly confused!’ Life Has a Funny Way, 5 stars  ‘Brilliant as usual this author can do no wrong in my eyes, so many twists and turns, I can never tell how the stories will end up.’ Goodreads Reviewer, 5 stars