A Paranormal Romance AnthologyBook 1 – Blood’s Fury by C.M. Owens  The deadliest things in life are often the most beautiful… seconds before they strike.  With her immortal destiny quickly approaching, Alyssa Coldwell wants to play human while she still has a chance. Unfortunately, she chooses the wrong town to escape her true world. Beautiful masks are worn by the enemies she doesn’t know, and no one can ever be trusted—and Pine Shore is full of beautiful masks. The ones who are the most deceptive in appearance are usually the deadliest, but their camouflage can fool the eyes. Kane Ice is nothing more than deliciously forbidden, but she can’t help herself from falling. She knows it can’t last, because he’s human and she only has a limited amount of time left before she’s something else entirely, but that doesn’t stop her from giving him all she can while she can. But surviving until her change isn’t as easy as she thought it would be, and now she has accidentally pulled her beautiful human into a deadly game of cat and mouse that she doesn’t want to play.  Blood’s Fury is book one of the bestselling trilogy, 'Deadly Beauties'.  Due to sexual content and use of language, this trilogy is not recommended to anyone under the age of 17.  BOOK 2 – Eternal Vows by Chrissy Peebles Genre: Paranormal romance and fantasy adventure  Original Book Trailer: http://youtu.be/n_w-eZwPJbA  New Book Trailer: http://youtu.be/JJzoHW0xVMI  *** Never marry a stranger... even if he is a drop-dead gorgeous immortal king.  Never pretend to be a princess.  And most importantly... never slip on an ancient wedding ring you know nothing about.  Sarah Larker returns to a cave where her sister disappeared ten years earlier. She walks through a portal and is mistaken for a runaway princess on the run by a dangerous immortal king in medieval times. Her plan is bold as well as daring-become this princess, wed the king, and slip on an ancient wedding ring that will unlock the portal back home. Then find her sister and run as fast as she can out of Dodge. But taking on the identity of Princess Gloria comes along with dangerous consequences; and slipping on the ruby ring comes with an even higher price.  BOOK 3 –Awakenedby: Brenda K. Davies  Professionally edited by KMS Freelance Editing and rereleased 1/16/13 Cover art by www.EbookLaunch.com  Traumatized by her past, and struggling to move on from it, Sera has spent the past three years of college hiding herself from the world and content to stay that way. A chance encounter with Liam shatters her sheltered world, leaving her stunned and shaken by the strange feelings and emotions he arises in her, feelings she never thought she would experience and that frighten her in their intensity.  Book 4 – Finding Foreverby Melisa Hamling Through the splinters of glass, I see his face, the one who has this hold on me, on my soul and I know he holds the key to something I have yet to learn. Be careful what you wish for, you may just get it. Morgan Masters is about to find out that what you wish for doesn’t come in a perfect little package.  Book 5 – Rae of Hopeby W.J. May Fifteen year-old Rae Kerrigan never really knew her family's history.