New York Times bestselling author Jennifer L. Armentrout draws readers into the extraordinary, irresistible world of Wardens and demons in the New York Times bestselling series The Dark Elements.WHITE HOT KISS: Book 1Seventeen-year-old Layla just wants to be normal—fit in at school, and go out on a real date with the gorgeous Zayne. Trouble is, Zayne treats Layla like a sister—and Layla is anything but normal. She's half demon, half gargoyle, with abilities no one else possesses. And even though Zayne is a gargoyle, Layla's kiss will kill anything with a soul—including him. Then she meets Roth—a tattooed, sinfully hot demon who claims to know her secrets. Trusting Roth could ruin her chances with Zayne—and brand her a traitor. But as Layla discovers she's the sole reason for a violent demon uprising, kissing the enemy suddenly pales in comparison to the looming end of the world.STONE COLD TOUCH: Book 2Layla Shaw is trying to pick up the pieces of her shattered life—no easy task for a seventeen-year-old. Her impossibly gorgeous best friend, Zayne, is forever off-limits thanks to the mysterious powers of her soul-stealing kiss. The Warden clan that has always protected her is suddenly keeping dangerous secrets. And she can barely think about Roth, the wickedly hot demon prince who understood her in ways no one else could. But sometimes rock bottom is only the beginning. Because suddenly Layla's powers begin to evolve, and she's offered a tantalizing taste of what has always been forbidden. EVERY LAST BREATH: Book 3Every choice has consequences—but Layla faces tougher choices than most. Light or darkness. Wickedly sexy demon prince Roth, or Zayne, the gorgeous, protective Warden she never thought could be hers. Layla has a new problem, too. A Lilin—the deadliest of demons—has been unleashed, wreaking havoc on those around her…including her best friend. To keep Sam from a fate worse than death, Layla must strike a deal with the enemy while saving her city from destruction. But sometimes, when secrets are everywhere and the truth seems unknowable, you have to listen to your heart, pick a side—and then fight like hell…