A boxed set of three novels and two novellas in the Portland Storm hockey romance series by USA Today bestselling author Catherine Gayle.DELAY OF GAMEFourth-line winger Cam Johnson fights like hell for his team—even if he has to break the rules. A vigilante on the ice, Cam takes on all the battles, whether they’re his fight or not. The Portland Storm is his team—his family—and he’ll take down anyone who threatens them. When one of his on-ice battles lands him in the penalty box, the coach’s fiery daughter calls him for a Delay of Game. Now Cam has to finish what he started.Terrified that her father’s job as coach of the Storm will be the death of him, Sara Thomas wants nothing to do with the sexy hotheaded player who caused her dad to end up in the hospital. And Cam will do anything to rectify the damage he caused—even if it means taking the fall for something he didn’t do. After all, he’s the team enforcer. What he offers up just might save him, his coach, and Sara, too.DOUBLE MAJORIt’s the NHL’s draft day, but the whole Portland Storm team is back together for an entirely different event. Complete with a double wedding, an unanticipated guest, overdue apologies, unexpected goodbyes, and fresh starts, this big day has the potential to get them all called for a Double Major.IN THE ZONEOne night. Unimaginable passion. Total anonymity.Star defenseman for the Portland Storm, Keith Burns welcomed the single night with a nameless beauty. The undeniable heat was exactly what he needed to let loose. When circumstances bring him face to face with Brianna Hayden after that night was long over, he wants to throw all the rules out the window. There’s no denying chemistry like theirs. But sometimes, desire isn’t enough…If they’re going to have more than one night, Brie wants it all. But a star athlete like Keith can’t drop his guard that easily hiding an ugly and painful past. Refusing to open up might land Keith in the sin bin—for good. Now Keith has to get In the Zone if he’s going to have any chance at scoring the one thing he wants the most—Brie’s heart.HOLIDAY HAT TRICKAll Mitchell Quincey wants on his break from the Portland Storm this holiday season is to spend as much time as he can with his baby girl. If he can get his ex-wife to agree to joint custody, then it’ll be a holiday worth celebrating. But when he shows up on Mia’s doorstep, for the first time ever, Mitch is thrown off his game. He’s still 100% in love with her.Mitch’s unannounced arrival has Mia all out of sorts. To argue over the phone is one thing, but looking at the one man she’ll always love is harder than she thought. With her family surrounding them, Mia tries to keep Mitch at bay, but he’s always been able to leave her flustered—and hot.Suddenly, Mitch changes gears and has only one goal in sight: win back Mia’s heart for good. With assists from her family and a bit of mistletoe magic, Mitch just might end up with a Holiday Hat Trick.COMEBACKRecovering addict Nicklas Ericsson, star goaltender for the Portland Storm, is ready for a comeback—both on the ice and in his personal life. But when his sister begs for his help with an earth-shattering request he can’t refuse, Nicky worries the stress will send him over the edge into a relapse.As the vice-president of a non-profit organization, Jessica Lynch has worked with her fair share of addicts. She’s always managed to keep her distance and prevent them from pulling at her heartstrings—but Nicky Ericsson proves to be the one exception. Something about the goalie draws her to him.With an instant and mutual attraction, Nicky and Jessica explore the boundaries of their relationship. While Nicky struggles with his recovery, Jessica fears he won’t be able to handle all that’s been thrown his way. Will his addiction get the best of him, or can Nicky pull off the Comeback of a lifetime?